# 瑞恩《夺回你的内在力量》：04.实战视频篇：如何一次性搞定对方：04

你來吧，我來扯大魚，我來扯大魚，他現在丟成了 wear，我的天叫，雙胞，我有的時候，突然像，我們就找找，哈哈哈哈。

and in today's video i'm going to show you guys，3 tips that is going to dramatically increase your chance。

 to close on first dates，ok，so tip number one is， what i call a low， in casual start。

 so when you first meet up with a girl， you want to start very low energy。

 very casual and very chill， so a lot of guys when they go on dates， they have this expectation。

 they set this expectation for themselves， that you have to be you know， high energy， awesome。

 and really impressive， so what's wrong with that is when you start out in such a high point。

 as the date progresses， it could pretty much only ever， go down from there， so if you want to say。

 pull it into the date where it's almost in a climax， you have to start out kind of slow。

 you kind of have to start out at a very low point， it's cool to start at a very low point。

 because as the date progresses， as you get to know you and experience you， hang that with you。

 it can only ever go up from there， and also the same time。

 is a lot of people when they go on first dates， you're going to be a little bit stifled。

 a little bit in your head， you're not going to be as what i called， flowy。

 and have all these cool things to say， and be super awesome off the bat。

 you know you might be a little bit awkward at first， which is completely ok， simply understand that。

 the first 5 to 10 minutes， of the first date is usually what i call a grace period。

 in which the girl will actually never leave， no matter how awkward things get。

 even if you're a little bit weird， even if you said something kind of stupid。

 you know because you have nothing to say， she will forgive you， in the first 5 to 10 minutes。

 she will disregard it， and in fact， sometimes I even。

 purposely make the first 5 minutes super fucking awkward， so that later on， it can only get。

 more awesome， do you have a local number， what on my text you and let's meet for coffee this week。

 at Robinson Square， do you know what that is， ok that's cool， i called her。

 i called her and i was like， hey where are you， she's like oh i think some girl。

 calls you off my phone or something， how are you， good to see you， come this way， how's your day。

 it was good， it was good， all i remember is you're like super soft spoken。

 how was that day when you went to grandma， what， it was like the most male contact you've ever had。

 in like 2 years， how does it make you feel， can you cook or no， sweet。

 i'll make you my new girlfriend for next 5 minutes， i'll be on here， come， girlfriend， yeah。

 did you make new friends when you're here， did you make new friends when you're here， some。

 come here， oh god， right， out tip number 2， is you want to treat the girl like she is your girlfriend。

 so the entire date you treat the girl like as if you've dated her， for a couple months already。

 so what i mean is when i go on meet a girl on the first date， i don't try to build up to a kiss。

 i don't try to build up to sex， i don't try to build up to anything， i have no expectations。

 whatsoever， however， i have what i call assumptions， so i assume everything， because she's you know。

 quote unquote my girlfriends， i assume that the kiss is going to happen。

 you know somewhere in between my dates， somewhere during my dates。

 now the sex is going to happen at the end of the dates。

 i'm going to take her back to my house and we're going to fuck。

 okay so i already assume these things， therefore on the dates， i'm not trying hard to you know。

 build up to it， i'm not trying hard to impress her， so that she'll have sex with me。

 rather on the date it's more like you're out with the girlfriends。

 that you've been dating for a few months， and you're just kind of enjoying each other's company。

 sharing your vibe， and kind of building a connection together， like having a good time。

 that's all that matters， okay so on the stage， i truly like she's my girlfriend。

 and everything's kind of assumed， so you know i might take her to several locations。

 several different venues， and let's say i take her to the beach。

 and i may just casually pull her in， go for the kiss right there。

 okay now obviously you have to improvise on the spot， because sometimes you'll get。

 you know a bit of a resistance， on the dates where the girl will not kiss you， she wishes not ready。

 which is completely okay， you just back off， and continue talking， and move things forward。

 go to a different location， try it again， okay you're on the date， think about this。

 she's on the date with you， she already likes you， okay if the girl's on the date with you。

 she already likes you， so you don't need to， you know build up to the attraction。

 or impress her even more， it's really about just building a connection。

 and getting to know each other， now tip number three， is what i call， leading。

 okay you have to lead， you have to take her from venue， to venue， and eventually back to you place。

 okay like the girl's not going to do it， even if the girl likes you。

 you know so let's say you've spent a few hours together， and she likes you。

 and the girl wants to have sex with you， but she's never going to say， let's go back to you place。

 and fuck， okay it's not going to happen， you as the man， have to make this happen， by leading。

 okay like you can't go on a date with the girl， and be like， well， what do you want to eat。

 or where do you want to go， like i don't know where to go， where do you want to go。

 what do you want to drink okay you can't fucking do that， you as a man。

 she wants a guy who's assertive， she wants a guy who knows what he wants to do。

 what he wants to eat， where he's going to go， she wants a guy who knows what he's doing。

 so it's cool to like get her opinion on it， because not every girl is going to want to do what you want to do。

 but you have to at least know what you want to do， and kind of get her opinion on it。

 if she's not cool with that， you adjust， and that's why i said to have a few places in mind。

 just go to， that is within walking distance， to your place， okay so you have to lead her， verbally。

 physically， as well as， logistically， because the most important thing is。

 bounce her to different locations when you're on the dates， the more location you go to， the better。

 okay so sometimes for me， so what you see in the video is sometimes for me。

 i just take a girl for coffee， and i bounce her straight to my house。

 okay like literally like right away， like point eight to point， be。

 pull her straight back to my place， now that doesn't always happen。

 but usually that's the first thing i go for， is i go for coffee and i bounce straight back to my place。

 because it's the easiest way， now if the girl is not down to go straight back to my place。

 that's when i take her to， you know another cool place like， you know the beach， or the park。

 or somewhere with a very nice scenery， okay i might even drive her to somewhere with a nice， beam。

 okay， and then eventually as she gets to know me a little bit more。

 and then i pull her back to my place， for the sex， okay on that note， i'll see you guys。

 next week。