# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：6无论你的个性如何，如何在生活中占有一席之地_06. How to Get Places in Life Regardless of-Your Personality-Style​​--十大赠品微信156066050

煞微太議題， React with other people，什麼時候香港聽，話真沒有種但，話真沒有違 After so many people，楽錯好 problems，所在為二人心提公。

如果你有見過嗎，意思是認識他，或會群體沒有，與比如說是，比如說他比我殺冷所以，如果你今天的倫犉，就不只 Teacher，而是的時候，新穢性將被殺ipping，哈哈如我想向他們，我看到说过，中国教会。

 还不去，大一约，店企系统，有抗i，开心，那 they should look at people in regards of their wealth or status。

 with its girl， their beauty and their intelligence。

 just look at people in a way where you're not judging them or skill sets or their assets。

 you're just trying to enjoy the moment with that other person and getting along with them。

 and if you're able to do that regardless of your personality， regardless of your style。

 if you're Chinese through you， you're just trying to convey who you are。

 they're conveying who they are and you're just toy cool with whatever that is。

 you won't like me to get along with almost anyone， and RSD。

 we run across people all over from all cultures， from all walks alive， all paths。

 you're going to have the same situation when you're out in the bars and clubs picking up chicks。

 when you're out in the business world interacting with people from all sorts of walks of life。

 diverse backgrounds and what have you， it's extremely important to have this as a basic match。

 because you're not going to match perfectly well with everyone， in fact。

 you're not going to match perfectly well with almost anyone。

 if you have that wide breadth of experience like guys like Tyre， he can do that。

 but at the same time， he'll still rub shoulders with certain people in a way that's not the right way。

 or the perfect way just like how most people will have those random people that they just don't want to deal with。

 but if you do have this as a basic premise of how you interact with other people。

 and you're not looking at every person， oh this is a matchmaking interaction。

 or you're trying to figure out whether this person you're interacting with。

 is the right person for you， no judgment on the table。

 but you're there to offer much value to your life in the sense that you're helping them with their goals。

 or helping them with what they need and you're giving them a really good emotional experience。

 from just being around you in terms of friendship and companionship。

 you're more likely to get what you want so care a lot less about what other people are。

 and they'll more likely care less about who you are and judging you， in fact。

 you should also care less if people even like you because if you're in an interaction。

 and you're indifferent to that， you're more likely to get the result， now you still have to calmer。

 you don't want to look at a situation and say， okay。

 well I'm indifferent to the result of the interaction。

 I'm not calibrating at all to whether or not I want this person to like me， that makes no sense。

 you still want to have a situation where you are thinking about how you're behaving。

 how you're being perceived， but emotionally， if you care less， if you don't allow it。

 if it physically hurts you if you think that you're not getting enough rapport fast enough。

 or you're not getting enough attraction when you're with that girl you're trying to pick up。

 those emotional triggers within yourself will allow you to have less of an impact on an ultimate result。

 we talk a lot about this in terms of that passive and difference， and how if you care less。

 or if you don't care as much， you're going to get that result。

 and that's what we're trying to convey because when you're in those tough situations。

 whether you're in your social life or business life when you have less stress。

 less emotional entanglement， you're more likely to succeed because you have a clarity of mind。

 you're more on top of your game， you'll have more interaction， more life， more vision。

 more passion when you're interactions now come across。

 and when you're doing this you're going to be conveying more social value。

 because everyone likes to be around people that are more aware。

 and that in and of itself is a gift to the other person。

 just being around people that have that positive energy and vibe gives other people at ease。

 because what you feel they will feel， whatever girl you're interacting with。

 what you feel they will feel also， you'll convey that push that onto the misnature。

 just form your behaviors， your body wing， your interaction， your talk。

 it will just be conveyed onto them so you need to understand the emotional part of things。

 and on the intellectual side you should also understand what their mental blueprint is。

 and when we talk about that we're talking about your belief systems。

 what there's typical kind of ways they view the world， their values，。

 how they expect things to appear and understand what that is。

 so when you're interacting with them you could be focusing on your perception， because yeah。

 impression is important， it's very important especially that first impression when you're doing a court approach。

 or you're doing that first impression when you're in a business interaction with a deal for high stakes deal。

 so I think that in order to understand various blueprints of the world and understand how people interact with each other。

 you've got to get that wide varied social circle and make it as big as possible。

 with as many different kinds of people as possible as well。

 because you never know who you're going to interact with and you're going to have to interact in life。

 all sorts of people and as you kind of shelter yourself from the rest of the world and have a regular steady routine。

 with no plans to ever grow outside of that social circle。

 like if you're in a small town or if it knows each other。

 or if your goal in life is just to be an introverted person you just hangs out。

 has a quite related type of one person that doesn't really grow or travel。

 he's not interested in building that normal social circle and pick up。

 and I think that most people that are watching this program you're finding us。

 because this is the exact opposite of what you want to do。

 you want to be an explorer or eventually you want to go out there and conquer all sorts of social situations。

 and experience life from what it has to offer， now professionally I really try to focus on negating my own personal interests。

 when I'm interacting with people， I try to look at those situations where I'm running into maybe conflicts or situations in business。

 where I'm running into people that I just cannot get along with。

 because even though I have a large breadth of people。

 there are people that I view are just too negative or too difficult to deal with。

 and sometimes it's people that just perceive that way。

 because they're hanging out with people that are pushing that kind of vibe onto them。

 and as a result we have had a lot of training within my own company to figure out。

 how to deal with these conversations and we call them， Hushal Conversations。

 there's a book that's written called Hushal Conversations。

 that talks about how Hushal Conversations is a conversation that has high emotions，， high stakes。

 and it involves very conflicting opinions， and then these conversations the most important thing is that you first of all。

 you listen very carefully to what the other person is saying。

 kind of like what Stephen Covey used to say， see first understand before being understood and repeating what they're saying。

 and asking a lot of questions， just because it's surprising how many times people will come to a point of judgment。

 and assume something when it's not even the case， and even though some things may see far fetch from your reality。

 it is oftentimes that far fetched thing is actually the way it is。

 yet you should follow your intuition， and after you do that process of getting the questions。

 you convey your viewpoint and you will say， you know I was interpreting X， Y， and Z actions。

 all these things that you were doing， and I was wondering why you were saying these things。

 because when I was interacting with these things I was hearing ABC。

 and basically used that process and then get your feedback。

 and then there was a saying you know you did X， Y， Z， and as a result I'm pissed and I'm angry。

 and I think that's retarded， and as a result you'll get more feedback by looking at it in a neutral way。

 and that is kind of like the conversational way of doing what I was originally talking about。

 when you're talking about not judging people， not coming across and judging people。

 that's where you're trying to keep an open mind trying to understand yet a person。

 and that genuine curiosity comes through， now if you develop people around you。

 develop people that you know are really congruent to who you are。

 you don't need to compromise yourself you don't need to compromise your value。

 and investing in those kind of people is the most important thing。

 I know that Harvey McKay would say， if you invest in grain it will give you one year prosperity。

 if you invest in trees it will give you ten years of prosperity。

 but if you invest in people it will give you a hundred years of prosperity。

 and RSD we invest in the movement， the movement of higher self and higher purpose。

 and in my opinion you invest in the movement， you'll have a thousand years of prosperity。

 as we see with religions and other general movements in terms of core values。

 and core processes of thinking， well the point of all this is that you should always think a few steps ahead。

 whether it's in life or whether it's in a game like chess。

 or kind of a teaget games because these reference experiences will come across。

 in your social interactions and there's often times where you have to be a。

 tick-tick and being charged with your life operations and kind of run through the gambit。

 and only when you think okay if this happens this is going to happen。

 I remember watching movies like The Godfather， where Michael Corione， The Godfather Boss， says。

 I'm going to go into this meeting， I'm going to have a conversation， I'm going to sit down。

 I'm going to， somehow see a guy from around the corner and he's going to shoot me and kill me。

 and instead he just created a game plan and did something to prevent that from happening。

 so if you are very confident in the outcome of certain situation。

 think about your reference experiences from having a wide varied social experience。

 from having a lot of interactions to different people。

 and try to figure out how you could use that in a way that gives you the positive outcomes that you're looking for。