# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第12周-拉里·贝内特（RSD联合创始人）_Week 12 - Larry Benet (RSD Co-Founder)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

我今天是我的家曾在載劉仁迫，已經是D Master Network，和世講過院生，蔣俊雅在了，拜託出新的球隊，他 vivian很小心，僅僅有他，換itors， Pacpa，仁迫，是肯導行。

我第一次第一集，是社群企業，你對這位工人，自己喝奶油，特別甜甜的，他說多了，超級滿燁，你看何家維，一提雅，看到很多郭海，十二一敗，就是一个世界的文团，哪个时段就会感到，他也不敢，他就接绍自己。

还有愣这个，我个器在去，我很 36，对，哇，出来了，我的，实 мест，高规，老国，当时，我是，然后，前两段时间，我换一个，示行正落， 我真的挺收aire的，你的朋友，非常好，所以我说过，他说过。

你能够认识我，我认识过一些人，那是好，我认识了很多文学，所以我认识了他，我的名字是Commersa，我认识了很多文学，然后我一天前，我去那天，我认识了，我说我认识了一些文学，然后我说。

我嘴时候收到中纪四点单配第七点的话，我想讲，就说你可以，那么模担，你的事实是周围，每一顿都拉着，什么是其他人，如果您可以接过判断的状态，ие的事情是难当的，整体会要能名单施，会或者，因为对你有所要求。

或你想来是像我们的，这台节目我已经开了，不过 I don't know if it's ever，加上一兩間爬傭人的，可是至於有時候又無法在厄力，然後說了那個一個一任，所以一個一任。

是譽 Revolution，這麼市情有否認識的，但是，自我講了 hundred thousand，捩如一個九百多元，就要做空認識，這個簡單加強，即刻 новый五十九個，請大家跟大家談是幾十六百認為。

但那只是問題，Tae，你們問你們的靈感，會不受膽？，可以書中 我手中由，Linewess，因為J is Damon's mentor。

I think J is probably featured in the book， and he wanted to help Damon out。

 and so most people are very tactical or transactional， or focused on them。

 but the way I look at it as， you know， sure， not a problem， I could do that because that's probably。

 so I can invite what he said is， I can invite some of the influencers to his home。

 and we can brainstorm and roundtable discuss， and he's very good at monetization strategies。

 and all these other things， plus he's a world-renowned copywriter， so I'm like， oh。

 that's a great opportunity， I can add value to people in my network。

 that maybe I haven't touched or added value to recently， like huge influencers， and you know。

 you're coming to this event， that I'm hosting in two weeks actually， and I mean。

 we literally have some of the most amazing， world-renowned thought leaders in the world。

 to rock star entrepreneurs， and venture capitalists and everything else， and it all。

 if you think about it， it's because I decided to help Jay， who wanted to help Damon， right？。

 Tonight， literally before， you know， I came over for dinner。

 one of the guys that I've just wrapped me， I think I met him less than six weeks ago， I was in fact。

 I saw him speak the same day， I saw Keith Farazi， and this is all within a five-week window。

 one of the guys name is Walter O'Brien， I saw him speak， I had not met him。

 I literally Facebooked him， I was so impressed with him， you know， I said， hey。

 we probably have some mutual friends， but I would like to introduce you to one or two people。

 that I think could be a value for you， because he was a great speaker。

 I was really impressed with his message， and we ended up speaking on the phone。

 we really hit it off， I'm like， hey， what are you doing for the 4th of July？。

 So he comes out for the 4th of July， then after the 4th of July party， I'm like， hey。

 would you like to go to the dinner party， that I'm hosting with Keith Farazi。

 he throws these amazing dinner parties， and so Walter came to that。

 and then now he's coming to this event， but here's the point， I don't know what he gets。

 it might be $50，000 or $75，000， just just show up and give a talk， but you know， all these guys。

 so like Jay gets $100，000 for a day， and he's spending like an entire day and a half。

 so if I had to go pay， that would cost me like $150，000 just for Jay， it would cost $75。

000 just for Walter， Keith Farazi gets like $60，000， Harvey McKay， I don't know what he gets， right？。

 So with Harvey， I started helping Harvey years ago。

 because he had a book that he wanted to hit to the success。

 so I introduced him to some of the top internet marketers， which was a value to him。

 when I first met Peter Goober， he owns the Golden State Warriors。

 or he owns the Dodgers and he's very successful businessman， and again in that one case。

 he was trying to get his book or whatever， and I knew some influencers or whatever， so to me。

 like as a matter of fact， you mentioned， you wanted to get Owen， your partner，。

 a vocal coach and you mentioned Roger Love， and Roger Love， I happen to know him，。

 he's actually going to be at my conference， so I right after you said it， I sent an email，， Roger。

 meet Nick， Nick wants to be a new client for you， his partner Owen， needs some services。

 so you know， it's just， it's about thinking of other people， so you mention it， no。

 a lot of people might hear it， but did they take action on it， and that happens on any given day。

 I was at a party on Saturday night， and I'm really busy right now， trying to prepare for this event。

 like literally working 20 hours a day， and a lady named Arvie Robinson said，， hey。

 who do you know that can help me create， a licensing program or something like this， and I said。

 Arvie， I said， I'm so busy right now， I just don't have time。

 but literally I end up waking up like that next day， at like five in the morning。

 and I literally got up and I sent three different email introductions。

 for her to people that can help us， I think it's really just comes down to simply。

 thinking of others， helping others， not keeping score。

 I think it's a lot easier for you to give to givers， and you know。

 I came out to support you this week， and as my fact， my team wanted me to cancel the meeting。

 to come out and speak for you， and I'm like， I'm just not going to do that。

 Nick's a friend and I said， I'd go out there， and here we are， you know， having dinner。

 and speaking on camera to your folks， Thank you so much。

 especially since you're so busy organizing this conference， man， that's so awesome。

 and it's so cool to see the spark in your eye， and the passion and the love。

 because it's not just about you connecting， I can see you really having fun with the moving emotions。

 it's like you're a president of a country， but instead of like managing a true or state。

 you kind of managing influence， the power， movement， and connecting resources together。

 I'm just going to give you a question， I just want to be， this is the vulnerable moment。

 or the authentic moment， so I just want you know， I was not a natural born connector。

 I'm kind of shy and introverted， I have made it and lost it more times than I can count。

 I've bowed to Prussian on and off over my course of my career， I've been bankrupt。

 I've literally been at points in time， where like my bank account showed zero kind of thing。

 but I will tell you that you know， anything is possible， and you know。

 there might be someone watching that， might be shy and introverted。

 or they're trying to meet the woman or they're shy， and introverted。

 they want to grow their business or whatever， and I just know if you are passionate， if you are。

 you have something bigger than yourself， and if I look back at how I， you know what，。

 it both overcame the depression， it was focusing more on giving， focusing more on gratitude。

 not so much on what the past was， and then also like serving other people， you know。

 I've been looking at lately， all the different kinds of influential people I've been helping。

 and as a matter of fact， I was on the phone this morning， I mean， tonight before we came over。

 so about a week ago I speak to a friend named Rich Strombach， and there's articles on Rich， I mean。

 he's super connected， and there's a conference called Davos。

 and it's like the who's who of the planet， it's like $150，000 to $250，000， just to go to this event。

 and anyway， when him and I were talking， I was like， well tell me about the venue， he goes。

 well I'm partnering with CNBC， I'm like， wow， that's really cool， tell me about it， I know。

 I've never been to Davos， and like I said， normally it's government leaders。

 or a richer branch in type， you know， get invited， and then even then those guys have to pay。

 so I say， hey， whatever you need， I want to help you， so then I was on the phone with him tonight。

 and we got off the phone， I said， well， you know， what about Peter Goober， he's like， oh。

 that would be good， I'm like， well， what about maybe Scooter Braun， who's Justin Bieber's magical。

 he goes， oh， that would be good， and then I got off the phone with him and I'm like， hey。

 what about Tony Robbins， he goes， oh， that would be awesome， so like。

 so now I can give the gift of this invitation， to Tony and I don't know Tony that， well。

 I mean he has spoken for me， and Tony knows， well， my former partner was Partners with Tony。

 but Jay for example speaks at Tony's business mastery， but now I have an opportunity to give a gift。

 of an opportunity to someone that I want to build a relationship with， so I always look for。

 is it an event， is it a party， can I make an introduction but something that's going to benefit someone else。

 where one plus one can use 11， a lot of people don't know how to talk to all these interesting people。

 and I like to get your perspective on the question I was asked to me， okay。

 how do you figure out the white questions， the right questions to ask in order to get somebody。

 so I can inspire you to grow you to， yeah， I think you just got to be present， number one。

 in the moment， so let's take you and me or let's look at just a simple conversation。

 so how did you meet your wife？， I remember walking down the street in Parks City， Utah。

 during an EO retreat and while my friends went into a bar。

 they came outside after I had already engaged in conversation。

 so she ended up spending the rest of the night having drinks with me and my friends， okay。

 and so like what do you and your wife like to do for fun？， we love playing video games。

 drinking wine， having sushi， so what's your favorite video game？， Pompancy 7， what is it called？

 Pompancy 7， actually named by New Kitten Cloud after the main character Cloud， okay。

 now how many cats do you got？， three， you were mentioning like one of your cats has some health issues？

， yeah one of our cats is in a really really bad state。

 so we got him into a clinical trial that's helping him out， very close。

 one of the rarest clinical trials you can get in the mentees， we got really lucky。

 if you actually know someone that has a cat and their cat is really sick。

 you may want to reach out to Nick because he knows there's some clinical trial。

 I think that might be able to help him so it's always like kind of thinking。

 so in terms of conversation， we just have a conversation， for example you mentioned wine， right？。

 you said golf， so what kind of what's your favorite kind of wine？， I love Shao Tumontalena。

 it's a great cabernet， okay， if I was going to retire one day in owner of winery that would be it。

 they have a beautiful oriental garden， I love a soap aqua store。

 it's a reasoning that we got from Germany， okay， great taste， great flavor， awesome。

 and then how often do you play golf？， you know I used to play five to seven times a week。

 my wife has had me cut down， it's a summertime， so now I'm only playing like once a week or so。

 only once a week， I haven't been on the golf course in ages。

 and then what kind of golf game you got？， you know I started playing about a year ago。

 but I think I'm a decent player for what I have， okay， you know I'm averaging now like in the 90s。

 I guess it's okay to decent play， so I'm pretty connected。

 so if I or someone in my network could help you， and your company professionally。

 what's most important to you at this stage of your company？。

 that's an interesting question because that's the question that Tony Shae asked me。

 when I'm hanging out with him doing shots at the bar， and it's the question I could sometimes。

 to be a great network or you drink the right shots， to go hang with Tony Shae。

 Tony if you were watching this， by the way the time Tony came to saying。

 I still remember I was calling downstairs， I'm like hey his Tony Shae arrived。

 they're like no not yet， and it was like 12 o'clock a night。

 so 12th early or one o'clock in the morning， I call he has Tony Shae arrived， no not yet。

 2 o'clock has Tony， because he's the opening speaker the next morning。

 but he was doing shots with everyone in the bar， downstairs so having shots that's another good way。

 I guess to network， absolutely and I know that in Silicon Valley， they drink for neck。

 and for net to drink that， usually mix with cocoa and when I say I was。

 but it's like a very unique drink， it's a kind of acquired taste。

 so when I hang out with him we do for net shots， it's kind of a rare thing。

 because it's a acquired taste， it's a toi-a-thing， yeah， but I guess， yeah I mean no。

 so for you and Owen like what's like what would be， if there's an individual if there's resources。

 how can I be if someone's watching this right now， how could they be of service。

 how might I and my network be able to connect you， or what would that even look like。

 you know the things that Owen's working on， it's kind of different than me。

 so what I'm working on is more about corporate governance。

 trying to figure out the processes that work， when we're creating some city of corporations， okay。

 now for Owen his vision and mission is extremely clear， in terms of growing the company。

 but what he really needs help with， is kind of getting the team of people around him。

 that are potentially great C-level hires， that can help manage him and his operations in Los Angeles。

 because I kind of have that remotely， but he's the kind of person that requires people to work with him in person。

 and trying to find the right people， putting places of challenge risk， so here's the thing。

 so if you're watching this video， I mean they run the largest。

 what online dating coaching coming the world， right what do you get， well for live programs。

 we do more live programs， how many programs a year do you do， over a thousand live programs。

 so we have a thousand volunteers， a lot of volunteers， a lot of independent contractors。

 that are the same as employees， but they're international， so I'll give you a secret。

 so years ago I met Shethomes， and during our conversation。

 one of the things I probably asked him something very similar。

 and I remember he told me that he wanted， help with his daughter's like a music career。

 and then he said， but Larry he goes， if I could find a call center。

 that could take sales leads for my company， he would blow the company up， now the truth is。

 I didn't know any call centers at the time， but I knew people， in my network that used call centers。

 so I would call up Mike Flussan， like hey who do you guys use， to handle your sales leads。

 and then I just kept on calling people， so then once I figured out。

 that several people said the same company， I called him up on my hey。

 this guy Randy Garn from Prosper Corporation， they are a good company， and I highly encourage you。

 let me introduce you， the reality is， check could have done that easily on them， by himself。

 now why he didn't， I don't know， but I took the initiative， because I wanted to go。

 build a relationship with Sheth， so I think， if someone's watching。

 I think it's a combination of being present， listening， hearing what you have to say。

 I don't think it's a whole thing， like what's the right， what's the million dollar question。

 I think it's just really， being in the moment， and just figuring out。

 and I think also being curious， being I am truly curious about you， for how you got married。

 where you did the honeymoon， how you met your wife， you know all。

 I'm curious on how you built this business， I'm really fascinated about it， and I think the best。

 connectors， the best， networkers， not only are they curious， but they do like to serve。

 and help other people， and they're not， so they're not transactional， they're truly looking out。

 for like win-win， relationships and I think that's the best way to do it， Absolutely。

 I also think it's a lot of fun， just doing this YouTube channel for， that I have have you know。

 the youtube。com for this， Niko official， and just creating this， program， Horsey Founders'， quote。

 the law of it， it's just super fun， and it's inspiring， it's giving you outside the box。

 as opposed to just the typical， being in the work， and I'm really enjoying it now。

 I hope I enjoy it for a very long time， because I'm really enjoying it。

 and that's what I like doing， but I also love the value， of being able to reach out to people。

 like yourself and other people， and kind of just reconnect with them， through these interviews。

 because it's a chance for us to， kind of like have an excuse， but like an excuse that could help。

 give us both kind of like recognition， and you know， introduce what you're doing。

 and what are doing to people， So how many people for example， watch your videos on YouTube。

 for example so if you're trying to， go introduce the flight。

 well now we're about two to three months in， now I would say the average video， is getting about 30。

000 views， so 30，000 new people have the potential， so you're reaching。

 so you're creating value for whoever that person is， because 30，000 people will watch， perhaps。

 yeah and on top of that， we have a customer database， so if you're a thousand people。

 and it's kind of a cool thing， because when we do a promotion。

 to that database for when there's a product launch， they have an opportunity to also， you know。

 get involved with whoever else， we're involved with， and what we're involved with。

 is interacting with all these， really interesting people， that are mentors， masterminders。

 and connectors， influencers， that's cool， I love how you're connecting influencers yourself。

 you know and the idea that you had， I thought was really unique， I've never heard of someone。

 or as a conference， where you actually have one day for influencers。

 the one day for the business strategy people， the people who are actual operations。

 and managing people， yeah really cool concept， I will tell you this。

 and I've done this several times， in my course of different careers， when I was just in sales。

 in the technology industry， in the 1990s， I used to work for a company called， The Gartner Group。

 and I was the president， of the South Asian Software Association。

 so it was a volunteer kind of role， and we always got， you know the VPs coming out。

 and some CEOs of the tech companies， but for some reason。

 we could just never get the CEOs to come out， but I really wanted to access， some of these CEO guys。

 and so one day I reached out to one guy， who was a very well-known CEO， I'm like hey。

 would you host the event， he said yes， and what's interesting about it。

 we were able to create a group， I gave him something of value， and they all came。

 and they masterminded， for the morning， or was like a CEO roundtable。

 and if you think about what's about to go down， I don't run a $100 million company。

 I don't run a $500 million company， but the number of entrepreneurial CEOs。

 because I made a decision， when I first started saying， I wanted to you know。

 connect with some of these influential thought leaders， give him some value。

 and we did that over the years， you know， whether like you said the Tony Robbins。

 or the Tony Shades， the Peter Grewbers， and now I want to spend more of my time。

 with socially conscious entrepreneurs， socially conscious investors。

 and socially conscious thought leaders， that are humble， that are nice， that are kind。

 that are generous， that give back that help each other， I think of Tony Shade， he's so successful。

 running Zappos， and he runs the downtown project， he's such a nice guy， or a jack handfield。

 from chicken soup for the soul， just a super down to earth guy， despite their success。

 I'm like you know what， I want to spend more time with those people， and the reality was。

 if I'm not getting invited， per se into a certain kind of group， or whatever you know what。

 go create your own， or help someone else， that already is doing something。

 so contribute to what they're doing， and so， in my case obviously， we're inviting， or we've created。

 a group of like-minded people， and now literally， we're getting calls from people。

 that run these very successful companies， and we will create， so much value。

 during a period of one day， just because on how we curate， an event， and I think that。

 anyone can do that， but just thinking outside the box， and thinking who they know。

 or who could they serve， to add some value to what they're doing， what you do， is it's kind of like。

 a full-time job， just a network with powerful people， and it's kind of a unique thing。

 even if you are， like one of the most powerful people in the plant， the time it takes。

 to build that row of decks， is something that they just don't have， and you have that luxury。

 and it's probably， the most fun thing， you could possibly do too， you know， I was thinking back。

 earlier tonight， just some of the conversations， I was having。

 and actually there was two of the guys， that were here for your event， that were helping me。

 but the reality is， every one of the calls， that we have， was really focused。

 around the other person's needs， and trying to tap into， what I could do to serve， and support them。

 and like I said， this is my friend， and Davos， I asked him， what are you looking for。

 are these speakers， with these guys， valuable for you， yes， yes， yes， so then I said， after a while。

 of speaking to him， I'm like， hey， how many tickets， could you possibly， set aside。

 for me to invite people， that would help benefit you， and he goes， well， how about ten， well。

 I know， going to Davos， is a $150，000 ticket， and it's all， but it only came about。

 because I'm trying to help him， with the things， that he wants， whether it's sponsors， or whatever。

 and I'm totally cool， so it is like， totally counterintuitive， I mean people are like。

 why would you do that， why would you go help， for no money， and sometimes， I'm sometimes。

 charging retainers， or whatever， but sometimes I'm， Keith Farazia， I didn't say， hey。

 let me go charge you， I'm just saying， you know， let me go help Keith， good things， tend to happen。

 and it's like， it's kind of like you， I came out here， to speak， you know， for your guys。

 and I'm sure good things， will happen， that's just the way life works， you know， yeah。

 it's interesting， because in every kind of， group you're， at a dating event， for a dating advice。

 you have the same time， you're being， I remember you， asked an audience。

 who here's a business owner， and I would say， 80% plus of the hands， and not more， laser hand。

 maybe 90% in the hands， and I was， really surprised by that， you know， I think。

 that it's really interesting， also if you go to a business， conference， and you'll see。

 how many of those people， are interested in dating， so if improvement， or any other top。

 so you were asking， the earlier about， how are you going to break， into all these， niches。

 and I think that， it's just because， the audience， that are， loyal fans， are really interested。

 in all these various topics， so I have a question， for you， so I know you're， supposed to be。

 angry with me， so I'm turning the tables， so how did you create， all those loyal fans？。

 the biggest thing， is that we kind of， just got to know them， as friends personally。

 and when we first started， off， just put things， in respect to， most of our career。

 we weren't seeing， these four star， five star hotels， and having nice houses， and stuff like that。

 we were literally， going up to our clients， and said， hey，， you would like to sign。

 up for this program， be awesome， you know，， you would like to sign up， for this program。

 and then we would go， on a small， market， and make sure， we're not， going to sign up， to the other。

 but then we got to the， point where like， most of the， time when we were， traveling， we were。

 staying with our， house， but we were experiencing， counter-surface， but I had our instructors。

 and I didn't， the company， do the same thing， they drive us， Of them become one payroll。

 For example， my camera Set as a shoe， I think they worked for， For month itself。

 If not a year or longer， As interns， 20， 40 個 a week or more， Yeah。

 And now the guys who were able to survive， Yes， I think that for our clients though， Yeah，其實他們就是獨立的。

對Mm，而裝模象，我們把他兩本人讚個愛，另外一聽，他的鶴半的，本來打一擊，他學u，做借 Damn it，所以我不想贴，無論是什麼，各 fertile land，或者世界，去另外一條， 4 年。

花 infinity， weary，當然是，當然是， Macha，好凈的，雖然還有，仗傾，更多，總有阿，The， question，但是，我們就給他們甚麼，坦白的就熱血吃，說說快給你們的能拿好了。

直接就送給他，如果你有書籍給我，我要賺身助新聞，我還介紹個人什麼，還有什麼有什麼詳情，你儘量交給我的、中國文鉤，應該要告訴自己皮膚，而如果你們想  dreamer 有ある便宜的話。

如果 streaming，I不會配凸，但賴慧祭說的話這個人真的是很好，有什麼問題？，所以你說，你怎麼知道，我會對這些問題，所以。

 none of those questions were planned， but I think it was just being。

 really wanted to get to know you better， so I would say as people are watching。

 if they're really getting stuck， just， it's kind of like walking and talking。

 just having a simple conversation， which really gets to know one and， so， yeah。

 I think that from my standpoint， when I created this product， when I created the membership site。

 a lot of it was just from the fact， that I didn't have any questions。

 and I don't go to any interviews， with any planned questions whatsoever。

 I don't even have any particular topics， I just want to have a conversation， with my buddies。

 and just share some stories， I can record it， share with other people， I think that's really cool。

 that is cool， yeah， all right， thanks bro， thank you from here， cheers。

 cheers。