# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：3与高端人士（CEO、女孩）共同打造派对和活动_03. Crafting Parties and Events with High-End People (CEOs, Girls)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

第一罐尺寸的所抵徨是， My friends 我還在，我和其他人姊妹，工廳生活機 developed，是怕空間帶帶人，同情上生活， sandwich，打開洲隊，在身上，一容有人，約é。

在於美美美美美美美美美美美美美美美美，又是，我不是一 learning game，這個很特別的生活，的主題，非常有有趣，我して一次，實在是我，這週前，G Oklahoma，在小á居民一起。

所以这个会 last week quarter pro diet，就是在 then growing this network，eger sorrow circle，然后这个是其实，最初的，最好几日。

最好几日，然后在这个 end of this，这个 end of this，两个月，一个月，我还是有租 cherry，级了 everyin，我试不透明，这 much cost，我也，这塊是，Mykok。

吸引了，还有Mrs。，Pyzen，我超过了，就说， trance，口感，长得，就说， start，e，d，一大集合，我 first got into throwing event。

我 joined a group of guys， we called ourselves the Goodfellas， and I got the nickname Papa。

 from throwing parties， I was the leader of this organization， and I also was。

 giving this nickname from， a party movie， with a guy named Nick Popper Georgi。

 from Chivice Lost Vegas， vacation， Now I was renting out yachts， and supper clubs。

Licker license closing time for bars， and party all night long， from 10 pm to 5 am。

 and then have after party， and mansions in the Hollywood Hills， they had a membership。

 so you weren't paying for alcohol， you weren't paying for admission。

 you're just paying for membership， and as a private venue。

 in movie studios and mansions in the hills， you could go all night long， and from this。

 I was inviting all sorts of people to this， the cool thing is， only guys that remember。

 could go to this event， and they're all really， how is screen， awesome guys in Los Angeles。

 it's just that， only girls that were invited by guys， who'd come in， and so the girls。

 would stand on long lines， trying to get in， or you just meet them out in the club， and invite。

 dozens of them to go to the parties with you， every weekend， and throughout the week。

 because there's all sorts of cool things， in fact， this got me involved with。

 you know throwing parties， not just like， with people there， throwing parties at the play with me。

 and actually organising， a list of girls， that were so large。

 because I was doing court approach pick up， and inviting people to a zini， it got so big。

 that I was put in charge of the female guest list， at the play way mansion。

 for a couple really awesome events， including a party for Richard Branson， and John Paul Doria。

 which is a black tie gala， I invited all the female guest list。

 so I was able to also invite my family， and my friends as well， because， inviting these girls。

 in fact， this organisation called them filler， because there's so many girls。

 that want to come to the mansion， I was able to have， the most amazing event， and this is all just。

 from leveraging those， court approach skills， that you guys are learning， to throw parties。

 a lot of this also had to do， with my days and fraternity， because in the fraternity days。

 I actually threw house parties， way slumier though， they're just college， frat parties on the lake。

 but it was still in a mansion， you're kind of like， forcing the networking， with certain people。

 because you have sororities， are matched up with you， and then， once a week， you're actually set up。

 on some of a blind date， but it's more of like， a social circle date。

 because there's not one on one， it's more like， yeah you're seeing， next to each other at dinner。

 then everyone parties， with each other， but just all these interactions， and being part。

 organized interactivities， like this is so important， that's why I always， recommend guys。

 to find organizations， like this， I mean they're speed， dating and there's， high end networking。

 services， but every scene in the world， just actually， will met your pond， and major， metropolitan。

 these are things， like this， all over the place， I know in New York， and London， LA。

 all sorts of groups， are like this， if you find the VIP， hosting， motors will find， all sorts of。

 kind of like private， societies like this， a lot of people， that are just really social。

 will organize， their own， no network， like this， in fact that's exactly， what I did。

 after a few years， I actually organized， me called， savvy， and savvy， was an organization， I put up。

 in a bunch of， many castles， in Las Vegas， except that it was， with my social circle， a lot of them。

 from other networking， organizations， that I've met， but I invited a series， of millionaires。

 and billionaire entrepreneurs， and also beautiful girls， and corporate sponsors， to have。

 really cool events， at these mansions， and share ideas， but as opposed to， this partying， I'm。

 I'm the guy who likes， the really learning， and education， to education， everyone would share ideas。

 only invited people， that had， an interesting story， to share， where everyone shared。

 for 30 minutes， their story， I did this later， at the home， my friend Tony Shea， he used to。

 have a huge， building， called the Ogden， now he lives， somewhere else， but in that building。

 we had 100 condos， and gave everyone， a free place to crash， and he was able to， go in to do that。

 because he's like the idea， of bringing people， to downtown Vegas， where he's trying to build。

 a community， and he measures things， on what he calls， ROC， or returns on collisions， instead of。

 what business people， track which is returns， on investments， because collisions。

 those little things， you get from regular dinners， or networking， with each other， are those things。

 that inspire innovation， new ideas， or return on， of a community， that's another way， to say ROC。

 and that is the most， important and most， valuable thing， to people， who are really successful。

 and he want to do， that for downtown Vegas， because he moved his， offices， for Zapos。

 which he created， Zapos。com， it's like the largest， shoe company， when he's sort of。

 for a billion dollars， see it on his CEO， and kind of build a， community， because he wanted to stay。

 active in the community， love the corporate， culture he built， just kind of like。

 how we had a really， awesome corporate， culture， made it fun to work， at RST， he did the same thing。

 for his company， and what he does， actually he does regular， events， in fact， he really likes。

 the Burning Man culture， and I went into， Burning Man with a bunch， of entrepreneurs， to get a tour。

 it's basically， you go to the middle， of the desert， in Nevada， and it's all sorts of， people。

 you know it's kind of， like about arts， and love， it's kind of reminding， of like the hippie days。

 where you have， like people， really into that kind of， thing， but it's， how he's， rather。

 and also full， of all， or interesting education， if you guys have a chance， check it out。

 I think you guys， would be really interested， and I think RST， is going to consider。

 having executive， retreats out there， with our instructors， and staff， as Taurus， that he's really。

 wanted to go with that， well what Tony did， is he's organized， every other week， at his home。

 which is the trio， park， in the middle of downtown， Vegas， where he has like， 30 trailers。

 as opposed to 30 bedrooms， roaming the llamas， and people， to hang out with each， head。

 and I go to these events， every other week， and I invite my friends， and I think he invites。

 about 10， or 20， friends， and each of us can invite， whoever we want， and it's just， being a part。

 of little intimate， communities， intimate， gatherings， is cool， and you get to meet。

 a lot of really interesting， people when you have people， that are actively， building soul circles。

 and you're just trying， to introduce， the cremated， camera， the people who they believe。

 whether most trusted， friends， do either， other most trusted friends， it's really awesome。

 and you can do this， even on a microcosm level， when I'm now in Vegas， because I used to throw huge。

 events at my house， when I was in Boston， where my wife was going， to Harvard， I used to organize。

 huge， different themes， different events， like a Zelda theme party， where I got an orchestra。

 from New York， that come and pay the music， of Zelda， or， a mariachi band， for Mexican theme party。

 well now I'm， to organize small parties， one by like 10， to 15 people to my house。

 now I have a tasting， I'll have a friend， cook food， he'll bring different， wines or sokeys。

 and just talk about， the history of the wines， and the sokeys， talk about the food， and how you。

 decoratively repair them， we'll have like a 7， to 10 course tasting， and we'll share stories。

 we'll have music， but there's 10 to 15 people， that really get to know each， header and I really。

 prefer that， over those large groups， and large parties anyway， because now you can go。

 deep with your friends， as opposed to just， developing a lot， superficial friendships， at first。

 but I think it's really， important to do both， because by doing， the superficial。

 friendships you're， able to find， those people， that you want to， build those meaningful。

 relationships with， I'll even organize， trips and adventures， for those people， that really really。

 want to get to know， for example I had， a villa that I rented， in Bali with some friends。

 and we hang out there， and we just shared stories， and ideas and these are， people that really help。

 me on a business level， when we had really， difficult challenges， in the media， because our friend。

 Joie had gotten， trouble with the media， and we had to have， all sorts of really， cool new vendors。

 to work with us， because some of our， poor， badly-positioned， old vendors were。

 unwilling to work with us， but we got even， better deals and better， rates。， The thing is I also。

 organized that， with not just that， for social reasons， but peer-visit reasons， I'll do it with RSD。

 guys， I'll do it， between venture partners， I went to October Fest， with a guy who was。

 referring most of our， clients in New York， when we first created， this company I would say。

 90% plus of our clients， were from there， and just， building those bonds， to report and having。

 that base friendship， is so much more important， because you got to， develop that emotional。

 bank account， where people are， willing to invest in you， emotionally as opposed。

 to just on a business， level。， If you don't do that， people just walk away， from you because people。

 will walk away from， business， but they can't， walk away from their， friends。， I also like。

 celebrating a day， of the week， my own special day， or party with my， friends sometimes， sometimes。

 you know like I used to， have like an， occasion for certain， guys and girls， where we'd have。

 like Martini， Sundays， or Sunday， Sunday， now with my， wife I'll have a special， day just for。

 dates where we， will do things， together， dinner， spalls， whatever but， having that。

 infection period， and making time， a regular time period， for your， closest friends， or those most。

 important， and most impactful， for your life， for your business， for your social life。

 for your community， for your building， just by doing， some regularness， and having that。

 kind of routine， it really does， a huge difference， for those of you， that are really。

 interested in， up being your sole， circle， do all of your meaningful， relationships， and improving。

 upon your relationship， because， then you have， that bond， that you actually， know that。

 that are person， really cares about you， and is caring about。

 you for the long term。