# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：08.奖金_08. Bonuses：2帕帕策划会议现场直播_02. Papa Mastermind Session Live​​--十大赠品微信156066050

杜我在etsk，我們希望能夠做出，一些事情我們需要做的事，如何能夠做出一些，一些的技術，我們要做出一些，作為一個，一個社交社交給，蘇菲律師，然後能夠做出的，一個社交，然後也有很多的技術，你能夠做出的。

我認為我們能夠做出的，你 guys are learning，你 guys here， every day here at Sapphire Strip Club，在於的那個，那個那個那個那個。

那個那個那個，我們要做出的，在於你的生命，在於你的生命，在於你的生命，在於你的生命，在於你的生命，在於你的生命，在於你的生命，在於你的生命，那 IS COUNC Separate。

 we built RSD as real social dynamics， that process have a déney level change。

 that process of identity level change， is something that we have been teaching through pickup。

 but you can learn a lot of these aspects， and human mind set especially。

 in terms of your success with women， it's kind of congruent across the whole board。

 that's where we call ourselves real social dynamics， as opposed to pickup girl dynamics。

 or dinged magnselves 어�engue， or something like that， now today we have some interesting guess here。

 some interesting guess here，所以我 created RSD，and Tyler and I built it about，well long time ago。

就是 2002，and I have a lot of stories to share， a lot of interesting stories about business。

and ideas and what have you， however，in order for me to， really get back into teaching。

because it's been a very long time since I've taught boot camp， almost a decade。

I wanted to have someone to help interview，and also bring up people of my personal mastermind。

in terms of business，and also just life in general。

 so here's the people that we have in front of you。

I don't know if you guys recognize the people in the， front of the room， but first we got backspace。

 if you guys are into video games， he owns， the most successful video game team in the world。

 called Team Archon， if you look at Amaz， he has， almost 600，000 people watching him。

 every time he plays video games， they have corporate sponsorship， now being in Vegas。

 it's kind of cool because he also was in charge， of the high-roar program。

 and seizure entertainment group， called the Seven Stars program， and he's an extremely smart guy。

 and he's helped me out with a lot of interesting things， about my personal and business life。

 including getting me to be able to stream， which I'm going to do on Thursday， yeah。

 so if you guys want to check that out， go to my youtube channel， and I'll be answering questions。

 from the RSC Founders Club， live from the Team Archon Mansion。

 which is a house that his video game guys have， very similar to Project Hollywood Mansion。

 when we were running， Project Hollywood back in the day， and having all the guys。

 who are RSC instructors live together， you also might recognize Brandon Carter。

 this guy has almost 600，000 people， following him on youtube， about 1。5 1。6 million people。

 following him on Facebook， for health and fitness， and he also has a supplement company。

 but this is a guy you'll see at World Summit， a lot of you guys are going to be here， for Summit。

 he's actually speaking on Wednesday， along with a guy named Greg Olgauger， from Kino Body。

 he's an awesome guy for health and fitness， and also a businessman entrepreneur。

 and he has every week on his snapchat， some hip-hop beats， kind of inspiring for me because。

 I'm working on Kray my own music video， and I might be using one of his beats。

 and I actually have my wife， Kraying some rugged lyrics， and it'll be funny， but it'll be cool。

 it's serious， we're actually doing this， and we got another guy who is an RSC Founders Club。

 platinum member， who has created many many businesses， I consider him a serial entrepreneur。

 even though he may or may not， consider the same because he's created， many many businesses。

 one of them is a， personality， dynamics education company， we're a distilling of personalities。

 allow you to kind of understand， a lot more about who you are， to the business and your social life。

 and he's going to be， kind of like our， interviewer， or no interviewer， so we're the interviewer。

 he's going to be asking his questions， the four topics that are going to be， our main focus today。

 will be about business， relationships， mindsets and networking。

 and he's prepared a bunch of questions， but if you guys are inspired by， what we're talking about。

 we'll also open up the floor， to you guys， since you guys are here， in person。

 to give you guys a chance to ask， any questions， on your mind， whatsoever， so， let's get started。

 my name is Joel Markwick， by the way， I wrote a company called， Personality Hacker。

 so guys let's start with mindsets， I think mindsets are a great place to start。

 when we're talking about business， and there's a lot of mindsets around， pick up。

 but when it comes to business， particularly， talk a little bit about， some of the highest。

 leverage mindsets you guys have， when you think about business， what is the。

 like if you could boil it down， to a mindset， that you take with you every day。

 what is that mindset， let's start with， let's start with Brandon， well me， man， always learning。

 like all consistently， learning and studying， I took a few years ago， I took a speed reading course。

 so now I try to get， to a few books a week， and I know Nick does the same， I mean， you say I'm like。

 Nick's almost addicted to school， right， and most of the， high-level people I meet。

 have a similar attitude， I feel like when you think you know， when you think you know。

 shit that's when， you know I don't know， that's when people start， fucking up， you know。

 it's like arrogance， because things always change， and you have to be， abreast。

 of all those changes， but that's the main thing， that I try to focus on， okay， um， I'm due to this。

 uh， so I think whenever you start， in any sort of business， uh， there's like a weeding out process。

 where like， everybody goes through， like different phases， and everybody has different obstacles。

 and if you're in the same business， everybody meets those same obstacles， right。

 so once the weeding out process， is like complete， I would suggest not being come。

 like becoming content， everybody that I know， that's in our same space， became content。

 and the reason why we， like shot way up， is we always try new things， we always push the envelope。

 and it's like really， really important， that you like， never become content。

 like because your competitors， are younger and stronger， and they are more willing。

 to do things that you aren't， so， well one of the uh， biggest mindsets I have。

 is that anything is possible， mindset is actually true， even when it's not true。

 so when I look at uh， business， I'll think outside the box， to the most extreme， you know。

 sometimes it'll be borderline， right on the edge of， what you should or not， be doing。

 but you just have to know， what that is， but I think right， outside， outside the box， all the time。

 in terms of business， creativity， if you see a lot of， tyler's videos， in terms of pickup。

 it's always very very， extreme， and I have a lot of extreme views， but in terms of business。

 I'm always continuing， trying to think， about how I'm doing， something， a little bit different。

 so I can accomplish， things that people， don't think are possible， I always love the idea。

 of stretching what's possible， I used to do， exercises when I used to run， seminars， called。

 what the original RSC free tour， so I created the RSC free tour， in 2008， where I organized a tour。

 in six months， of 270 cities， in 70 countries， it was a four hour event。

 and after about a half hour， presentation， I sent all the guys into the field， to go pick up girls。

 some of my highlights， were sending 450 people， in London to Herod's， department store。

 and telling each of them， they have to approach three girls， now there's not that many girls。

 in Herod's， they match each of the guys， so you came up with some funny stories。

 but what I wanted them to realize， is that they could actually get success。

 even without law of training， and just doing it， in a very unusual situation， so guys were still。

 getting phone numbers， some guys， dated girls that they met afterwards， even just like a few times。

 but， that's what I call a mission impossible， not because it was an impossible mission。

 because it's pushing your boundaries， what you think is possible。

 and my mindset in terms of business， is always trying to figure out。

 how to push that boundary a little bit further， to get that little edge， I don't know if it was。

 you or somebody else， by members somebody was talking to me， about how the difference between。

 somebody who is massively successful， is usually just like 10 to 15 percent。

 different in terms of thinking， and I believe that very firmly， and so I think that if you。

 unless you do think outside， the necessary， standard norms of society， you're not going to get that。

 I've always wanted to live outside the mundane， so follow up question， you guys think you say。

 thinking different， learning， you know thinking differently outside the box。

 somebody that's starting a business， in the middle of a business， how do you balance。

 leveraging what you already know about business， the things that have already been done。

 and the different way of thinking， I mean do you， do you look at templates。

 do you look at ways people have done things before， and at what point do you start to transcend。

 then say I'm going to do it my way now， do you start off copying， do you start off emulating。

 or do you just， go out of the gate， just doing everything brand new， and just fail again。

 fail better type type thing， start with someone else， so I have time to come up with a good answer。

 like that， okay， so， the only thing you do is the water trick， you know the water trick is。

 you don't want to ask your， drink water， yeah I drink water， I can just talk about my own company。

 so we definitely copy， the other video so， in the space， so we started off by copying。

 almost identically， with their， like business plan was， and then seeing where they， made mistakes。

 right， so I can even just point out， some of the mistakes that they made。

 so we do tournament production， right so like we play， like card games online， we produce it。

 and we put on twitch， or essentially like youtube， as live， right， so all of the big companies。

 I'm talking about， these companies are spending， like 80 million dollars， in these tournaments。

 right， um， they were having like， their demographic， beat， so their demographic is like。

 25 and under， uh， being taught and told their story， by their casters， they were like。

 wearing suits， like this ESPN feel， and I'm like， these are 25 year old kids。

 let's have our casters in hoodies， right， like let's have our casters， like joke around， and like。

 like cuss every once in a while， like that's not been， like I don't want them to be， professional。

 these are 25 year olds， these aren't like， 40 year old men， and want to sit。

 bored at home watching a， video game right， so uh， we definitely learned， from like， our opponents。

 like mistakes， so our opponents were just like， they didn't understand， the space as well as we did。

 and we capitalized， on those immediately， now， everybody's copying， what we're doing， right， so uh。

 like once a week， remember this is part， of we just sit in the room， we just come up with new ideas。

 so we're always staying， fresh， and we're always beating， out these companies。

 so like to give you guys a really， good comparison， our tournament had 140，000 viewers。

 which is a lot in our space， there's the number one tournament， that year， um。

 our competitors probably， spent in between like， ten to fifteen million。

 dollars on identical tournament， and we beat them by 40，000 viewers， which is insane。

 it's also the game developer， themselves that was running the tournament， um。

 now they've copied almost everything， that we do， and to keep everything， fresh we just like。

 pop up new formats， or we have celebrities， coming in cast the events， and uh， we we're doing a。

 shit ton of cross promotion now， which we didn't do， and originally， neither did they。

 so it's kind of like， we're always one step ahead of， even the people that own the game。

 in the title， which is， awesome， so， well for me， I've always had a mastermind， group of some kind。

 whether it was real social， dynamics or trying to get， members of the board advisors， and。

 I organized it so that we would discuss， not just a business， but our family life。

 our personal life and our business life， so we'd share ideas and model those ideas。

 when you guys have that， with real social dynamics， in terms of instructors。

 in terms of like pickup， and you'll see the guys， on the youtube channels， and for me。

 having people I could meet up with， on a monthly basis， at least， minimum once a month。

 is an accountability group to my goals， which helped me out， in pretty much all areas of my life。

 and so， in terms of， that， I guess I really， realize that a lot of what I do， or think is not。

 you know， that， common， like stuff that I think is really unique， and rare， I find it。

 it's almost always happening， that， everyone has， those really weird situations。

 that kind of happen to them， I bet like every， every person in this room。

 has probably had really weird things， to happen to them， that you think is really unique to you。

 and it's always a surprise， to me how common it is， that we actually share that common bonk。

 and as a result， those solutions， that come from song， and those problems。

 even though it's slightly different， even though they're， really extreme sometimes。

 all the time I always know， there's a lot of common bounds， in terms of what we have。

 in terms of what these solutions are， and so I always try to look。

 for people that have had those situations， interesting because a lot of people， that。

 I interact with， they're just regular friends， are not necessarily like， you know。

 CEOs of companies， or just like normal guys， I'll just talk to them。

 about a lot of things that happen to me， when there's my personal life going deep。

 or something having my family or business， I'll always be surprised。

 how easy it is to relate to people， that's why， I'll just sometimes。

 if I'm just hanging out at a bar， I'll just talk to a bartender。

 it's not like the bartender or a caguru， it's like， you know but sometimes， we'll be talking to him。

 I'll cope with some interesting ideas， and it's like you're talking to Yoda， so you never know。

 all you have to do is be open， so I mean one of the things is， I'll be very open-minded。

 about sharing， full disclosure， a lot of what's on my mind， just try to find out。

 those solutions all the time， you'll be surprised how often， you get those solutions。

 yeah I just copy off everyone， I do， I do a lot of that， like a lot of that， like， but I have some。

 friends who are at higher， higher levels than me， and they've been through a lot of the shit， that。

 I'm going through， and they kind of like clear the bushes， or figured it out。

 so I don't have to fear like， like Nick or Owen， or like you know， friends with Ellie Holt。

 so I can like text them， have a question， I let the fuck shut up。

 and they're like in me good answer， and I don't have to figure， I'm fortunate。

 I don't have to figure shit out， 100% myself， but also I like， when you say ideas every。

 I do this thing， I think I got it from Brian Tracy， or one of these。

 and I write down 20 ideas every day， like just 20 ideas。

 and now it's like I can just come up with ideas， I don't know， I feel， it's like a muscle。

 so you train yourself to come up with good ideas， and I， but I run it past。

 I might run it past people， or what do you think， what do you think， but what if you know。

 somebody who's， been in my space， or preferably someone， more successful than me， and uh。

 I know Nick， it's probably hard to find people， more successful。

 you that's why he's talking to bar tenders， at homeless people。

 but it ain't that hard for me to find， people more successful than me， so I like to run it past。

 and get their input， but also know my market， like I actually read， it's hard。

 but I read every comment， I get on YouTube， and， I might never respond every， but I see everything。

 because I want to get， because that's the market， that's the consumer right there， and you know。

 these big companies， they go away， they go out of their way， to find out， Pepsi knows everything。

 but Amazon knows everything about you， right， and I， I don't have that kind of data。

 but if I can just get a， gauge of how these guys， react to shit， then I can， cater to them。

 a little better， thinking about， so thinking about how， you guys each have a skill set。

 that you bring to the table， beyond business， Nick it's social， networking， it's pickup， bread。

 it's video gaming， right， gaming， stuff like that， I mean， I'm saying， in addition to business。

 not just， you know， in addition， and your health wellness， fitness， what， those skills。

 how have they， helped you in business， the mindsets， that you've had， and the， the talent you bring。

 how has that translated， into the actual business world， what skills， you brought over。

 and have translated， over into that， into that world， what， sorry， sorry， sorry， well I mean。

 like I play card games for the， means so I play like， magic， pokemon， poker， and I'm like。

 a top level pro， and all of them， so I think， critical thinking is， good in any field， right， like。

 I think any top level pro， in， almost any facet， can become a business， man if they want to。

 critical thinking， is very important， and， a constant， critical thinking， is extremely important。

 keep your mind active， like， I came from the， party promotion business， because I've been passing。

 out flyers for nightclubs， when I was 12 years old， to， organizing parties， with my fake ID。

 saying I was 21， when I was a teenager， in New York City， and then when I was in college。

 just throwing， the most epic parties， you know as the， party organizer， for the girls， the big 10。

 for your， playboy division， to playboy college， division， so I guess a lot of my skills。

 that was throwing， throwing events， so all that， transferred over， from me， because， RSD。

 throws over a thousand events， every year， and， just understanding， the dynamics of， building。

 connections， and networking， like a promoter， that's why I think a lot of RSD， you guys， like that。

 ask for being a promoter， because a lot of that， translates， in terms of pick-up and dating。

 and also business， but， in terms of， what I did as a skill set， I think a lot of the。

 building of a roodex， network， the fast organization， of events， and parties， got me the habit， of。

 fast execution， because I used to do， things a lot， a lot of events， parties all the time。

 that's how I built my roodex， and I think that， the organizing， of just an activity， in general。

 helped me organize， RSD as a company， organized my social life。

 and I really just treat my whole social life， as like running a business， as a result。

 I used to do a speech， at the World Summit， I did two speeches， one of them， was about how to be。

 the CEO of your own social life， and personal life， and how I， built my social life， into different。

 compartments of business， and the other one was， about how to network， with people， that were。

 in the， high-end entertainment， businesses， or， snubbery entertainment， and what have you。

 because I was living in Hollywood at the time， and I think that， both of those skills。

 that just came from that， original background， outside of business， some organizing， social parties。

 and understanding， like the dynamics， of how people， interact with each other， that's social matrix。

 me， you know， I think I'm， probably the Michael Jordan， of fitness， like I think I can take。

 I can take any more， of fucking， in 90 days， have them， in the best shape of his， fucking life。

 I bleed actually a whole heartily， and so， how that translates to businesses， I love people。

 are always asking me， for like fitness advice， and I can give it to them， and it's like a way。

 for me to add value， right， because you don't want to， and then， that builds reciprocity。

 and you can have， you know， anybody， like， you know， this is men， women， anyone， if。

 people just ask me for advice all， time， and I'm more than happy to give it to them， because。

 I'm just always， when I meet people， I'm always looking to add， value instead of， telling you。

 you know， you need these， motherfuckers， but you want to get， higher， up to them。

 like you feel like， there's a lot of， motherfuckers， we're just， scabbing， we're always trying to。

 get some for you， but if， I'm always， when they're like， give， help people， and if。

 that's usually a way， I can help some people out， in some sort of， add value， sure， and that。

 it helps with network， and that's， I guess， so， and Nick， this is probably a good question， for you。

 particularly， but you guys， don't want you to， weigh on this too， how， okay， somebody that doesn't。

 have a social circle yet， so it's starting out in business， they don't know， anybody， they。

 they don't have the leverage， they don't have the status， they have nothing， to， necessarily offer。

 maybe a high-level， CEO， or somebody like that， and you guys， probably have had to， like， pitch。

 you know， sponsors， or find， different partners， in business， how do you guys， how have you found。

 to be able to do that， when you're starting， from scratch， can you give any advice， to someone。

 that's watching， or listening， like， what do I do， how do I start， that process。

 building my network， before I need it， basically， add value， find a way to add value。

 they don't know， what do you mean by that， it can be， it can be， anything， like， like， you know。

 guys， intern for RSD， and then， I know a guy， who intern for RSD， now he owns a， big successful。

 supplement， website， you know， yeah， I mean， add value， you have， find a way to add value。

 with some， some capacity， you don't， want to， you don't， be a taker， you know， because people。

 avoid that， but everybody， likes the guy， who's， add， and value， I think， that is the best。

 advice ever， uh， and， seriously， uh， because， okay， so like， he said， my best asset， in。

 business is， like， strategic， my， my best asset， is actually， networking， right， so actually。

 find myself to be， one of the best， network is， in the world， um， I know， more billionaires， than。

 probably most people， oh， Nick， probably has me， beat， uh， but， I mean， like， and I always， add。

 something to it， right， most of these guys， just want you to treat， like a human， and most of them。

 just want you， to， conversate with them， right， so like， if you can actually， find yourself， like。

 practicing， conversations， your head， or figure， out， a way to， communicate， with people， like。

 that is， easily， the best way， to get business going， because it doesn't， matter what。

 business you're in， if you have a， big network， behind it， you can't fail， right， like， I。

 I could call Nick at any， time， and borrow this， production， equipment， and now， I don't。

 have to buy， production， equipment， right， we did a house， tour， for， New York Times， or something。

 like， a couple weeks ago， I'm like， Nick， and I borrow， your， fucking， super， expensive， car， he's。

 like， absolutely， now we look at， bad， axes， right， I mean， network， it's really， important， like。

 everybody， wants， something， figure out， what those people， want， and then， give it to him， you。

 are， what， statue， you are， is valuable， and people， respect that， right， so， yeah， well。

 I actually was， just doing an interview， in Los Angeles， mostly just about， this topic。

 with the guy， named， Larry Benay， who I consider， one of the best， networkers in the world， because。

 he's somebody， who， has a huge， role， it's a very few， people， that I think， have， role。

 it's as big as me， and it's a， him， and the founders， of the summit series， and me， because。

 we spent so much， of our lives， just focusing on， growing， that network from scratch。

 I used to spend， I don't know， maybe 10 to 20 hours， a week， just looking into， mash-mind groups。

 networking， organizations， or， whatever I wanted to get into， so if it was， like。

 trying to get into， a high-end， social club， in Los Angeles， or a business club。

 globally for entrepreneurs， or what have you， I would just， focus on that， and I focused on。

 so much， just so I could， just get into these， circles， and then， network with these people。

 and I think a lot of it， came from the aspect， of not trying to focus， on the business。

 but to social aspect， you know， just being in terms， of RSD， even before RSD， was this， you know。

 global company， we didn't really have， a lot to give， other than the fact， that we were really。

 into picking up girls， and sharing stories， now a lot of it， was us， going up to。

 really interesting people， sharing those stories， being able to， open this， having a great time。

 and I think， the personal aspect， of networking， really builds， the business itself， so I mean。

 we have， me and Owen， getting invited， to things like， the Oscars， and Emmys and Grammys。

 the Oat parties， in London， just crazy events， just from like， wing with people， and being a really。

 social person， and I think a lot of you， guys will have that also， I mean you guys。

 are here in Vegas， focusing on， building your social skills， and pick up， but what's interesting。

 is transforming that， lifetime value， from just the pick up aspect， into building。

 those social realms， of what you think is possible， and taking that， to get in charge。

 of your money， your life in general， and I think a lot， it just has to do。

 with the fact that people， are still used to， like asking for things， from people that are powerful。

 or people that have something， where is that hot chick， or it's the billionaire next door。

 it's basically， kind of like you just， being genuine， having that connection。

 so I mean a lot of my friends， are just normal people， guys I just trust， and loyalty and trust。

 is such a rare commodity， it's not like， something that everyone has， especially when there's。

 people that are just doing it， just to be your friend， and yeah， most of my social circle nowadays。

 are people that have， both that success， in their business life， and also that trust， and loyalty。

 but I had to focus， on building that core first， because I'd rather have a core， of people that are。

 not successful， and has to have a positive attitude， in RSD， a lot of people are asked。

 so how do I get hard in RSD， and I would always tell people， well just have a positive attitude。

 because I believe， you could train anyone， to get that success， no matter who they are。

 any skillset whatsoever， and I've always had that idea， I think it's because， when I was a kid， I。

 mistook， one of the explanations， of the American Constitution， where I think that said。

 all men are create equal， well I took that， to believe that everyone had， equal intelligence，。

 equal opportunity，， equal rights， and basically no matter， who you were， you would have the ability。

 to outcompete， so I， I had that belief， most of my life， I'm， question it nowadays。

 because I meet some， really really dumb people nowadays， but， you know， I would say like。

 80% of my life， I had that belief， so down to my core， that I believe， that the only difference。

 is that， work ethic， you know I， interviewed， or actually he interviewed me。

 but we kind of interviewed， each other， at a summit series， which is this， better version of Ted。

 it's like the millennial version of Ted， and a lot more exclusive， but they had this mountain。

 they bought it for like， 50 million dollars， and they built Ted on it all year。

 and there I met the guy， who was the main executive producer， for the TV show The Secret。

 and he said， I want to create this new program， called The Magic Pill。

 to find out what's the magic pill， for success， because The Secret， that pause of ad。

 he was supposed to be that， and I told him， I believe that don't even， magic pill out there。

 is you as a hustler， you working hard， and working it， as hard as you possibly can， because。

 in my life， I think all of it， has come， from the difference between me， outlasting。

 all the competitors， which have all gone out of business， to sick for us。

 is just those little differences， in terms of how， much harder I work， but I've been so into that。

 belief system， that I believe that time， was， ticking so fast。

 that when I was playing high school football， and I wanted to change into a uniform。

 I'd have like an undershirt， and a carge button down， all the way down， I'd take them both off。

 like when giant pull off， it's because I believe those， like few seconds， could potentially be。

 the difference between me， and making another set， I remember Will Smith。

 has this funny video on YouTube， where it's basically， a montage of him， just saying， how much。

 hard he works in the competition， see if you guys check that out， it kind of mirrors。

 a lot of my beliefs， it's applicable to you guys， this is something I've， for networking。

 he said how can they add value， I thought about it， it's really applicable to you。

 because you hear it at， summit， I mean， whatever it's called， immersion， immersion， a lot of people。

 I still don't know why people do， work camps， immersion is the， fucking smartest， shit in the world。

 there's summit here as well， yeah summit， summit is my shit， listen， she gets mad， she's， women。

 if you're the guy， who knows， I'm sure Luke， talked about it， if you're the guy。

 who just knows a lot of girls， and you can， like， you'll meet， influential people。

 people want to be around， you can， and almost， it's almost like currency， I know， I know， you hate。

 but it's， no seriously， it's like， I'll， like， meet girls， or be， friendly， girls， hot chicks。

 really， just to be friends with them， so I can， like， bring them around， like other guys。

 or influential， it's， it's， man it's the， fucking， I'm sure Luke， talks about that， if you。

 get your friend up， with a girl， that guy's your friend for life， for real。

 like that's the easiest way， to make that statement， yeah man， so like， and like， you know。

 so if you don't have nothing， you know， you got RSD， man， it's you got to meet some girls， you know。

 yeah， all me guys， who are， billionaires， and they never smile， they're always very， serious。

 but you put a hot， chick next to him， you have the smile， definitely。

 it's one of the rare things you see， I mean， Owen and I were on the board of a group in L。A。。

 called the Entrepreneurs Organization， and they rented out the Playboy Mansion， a year after a year。

 when it was， kind of like the pre， incapacitated version of Hugh Hefner， where he's still。

 those parties， but he's not as hardcore as he used to be， and， in order to， organize this party。

 they need a ton of hot girls， and so， I sent them 2，000 girls。

 so they didn't even call them girls anymore， they just called them the filler。

 because they had so many hot girls there， but the difference， is that， a party with just a bunch of。

 business people， is not that's not the Playboy Mansion， people want to have that， that vibe。

 and the glamour， and the， kind of sexiness and fun， comes from the girls。

 because they have that energy， I mean it's also， the beauty that they're interested in， but I mean。

 a lot of these guys were， married guys， they're interested in just having that， romantic vibe。

 the glamour and the class， and the image of， what you see in the， stories。

 so you see in movies and what have you， that's the romanticism， in fact。

 at that party my wife met my parents， at the first time， at the Playboy Mansion， yeah now I'll。

 Prode Girls just to be friends， with him， introduce him， it works man， it works。

 are you used to not anymore， so let's shift focus into some business， questions， when。

 when digital media started coming， of age and Kodak， is a film company。

 obviously digital cameras were created， and film was starting to go out of， vogue like。

 the film industry， like actual film， celluloid was starting to take a hit， on sales， and Kodak said。

 well we're not in the film business， we don't make celluloid， we're in the imaging business。

 so they pivoted， and they created， you know， SD cards and scanners， so the core business。

 that Kodak does， is imaging， what would you guys say， is your core business。

 what is the actual thing， that you do， not what you do， but the core underneath it。

 that it doesn't matter， the circumstances， around what you do， what is the core business。

 that you are focused on， at the end of the day， you will start Nick， what does this guys think。

 we're on the sunny， well yeah， for our business， it's self-actualization。

 basically we're talking about， the different， product means， where people gift， for at the product。

 and for us， yeah we started off， with just the bootcamp， in a workshop， we go into the field。

 now we have a digital version of that， called hot sea at home， where you can actually。

 not even have to go into the field， and then we're like， well for longevity， we create an immersion。

 and the original concept， was actually， guys living in condos， because we had like， 33。

 two bedroom condos， now you have the， hotels， the deals on our website， to hook you guys up。

 and we're in a strip club instead， so I mean it's not， necessarily the packaging， it's。

 basically for us， self-actualization， and education for that， that's your core business， yeah， oh。

 yeah， I'm just in like the content space， so like I just record， funny people doing funny things。

 or smart people doing smart things， and I just release videos afterwards， I think。

 I think the difference is， between my business， and actually now we're， in the same， thing like。

 we just see， you find ways to make money， off of it afterwards， so like our first goal。

 when we started was， how do we become， the most viewed people， in hardstone， and our second goal。

 was how do we make money， off of it， right， but most people are just， like I'm going to make money。

 in hardstone， and they， forgot goal number one of， like you know， becoming popular， and famous， and。

 so， but yeah， I just make content， that's it， wait wait before you go， I just want to。

 I just want to say one thing， I'm going to post a link， on telegram， for he has a。

 team for hardstone， which is a card game， and， if you guys click on it， and， on your computer。

 and then， get the level 20， I get like a special， card back， so I'm going to send this， to you guys。

 in the telegram app， this is the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the。

 the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the， the。

 the， uh。。。， uh。。。， the， the， the， of， this， of， the， of， but， hatred， at，被t**k up。

 cuz' If you just say， man We are gonna duplicating， eve diagnose，I don't know i don't know if。

you'llate you're gonna say， man we're gonna tell you， ts Yeah，my na，Wow，你 guys are doing great。

做 great， good stuff，What's the biggest challenge you have in your business right now。

 what do you stress about every day， what is the thing that's like， I wish I could solve this。

 not stress， but you know it's the thing you're focused on to try to solve。

 it's the problem you're working on or the challenge you're working on right now。

 in your current business， and whatever level you're at。

 me man this is something I've been doing with a lot。

 well it's not even a struggle or a challenge or someone working on。

 but it's just a thing that's like a little bugs me man， it will be guys who I trust it。

 and they may fucking betray you or some shit， it's almost like the countdown before I'm gonna fucking。

 does some crazy shit， and it's a shame it has to be like that。

 because not everybody's happy to see you succeed， and they want to capitalize on that。

 but that's just me， you know everything else I'm Gucci I'm crushing this shit。

 I have nothing my business is fucking awesome， I mean I know that it is。

 like we're at the top of our space， like we have no problems whatsoever， I don't believe you。

 No seriously like， It's gotta be bullshit， you gotta have challenges。

 it's gotta be a challenge or work， yeah I mean I just want to be， because I hate you so much。

 like I just like I don't want to， on camera talk， Dad we got it， yeah yeah。

 I think I can't even think of an issue， well I think I think a lot of challenges， could come from。

 I think you just call me， management expectations， you know for。

 oh actually no no that's a good thing， so like my business partner， would be like I want us to。

 my business partner， would want us to be at like X level， right， and I'm like well my。

 like if you want us to be at level 10， and I'm like dude we're doing awesome at a 7。

 and like that I guess that's like， mostly with any sort of argument， ever been my business partner。

 it's just like I don't know how you're， not happy with being number one。

 you can't be like number one， way up here even more， so I guess that's a good way to play。

 I don't want to bash a mall， is on camera， no no no I don't think so。

 He's like internationally famous， yeah this is gonna be see my， movies for you guys love each other。

 just that even even even with me， and Tyler I think a law that is， clarifying the expectations。

 and the roles of corporate governance， and that's still my challenge today。

 the craining their processes， procedures for effectively， and efficiently managing your company。

 in a way that you think is the correct way， I suppose the way your partners think。

 is the correct way， and that's where you had the biggest challenge， I think for RSD as well。

 as a lot of companies， because as you grow， the system that you create。

 I mean you look at even just Vegas， immersion the way we created this。

 program has changed dramatically， from year to year to year， because all the processes。

 and systems just get what we think is better， but there's always a disagreements。

 about what should be the next step， to innovate and take you to the next level。

 that's a huge challenge， there's also a lot of stress， because when you're solid。

 something that's working， and someone comes into it， and just kind of sideswipes it。

 and says this is way better， but it's I believe， everything needs to be field tested。

 it's just that sometimes those tests， explode and you just have to be open to that。

 and be willing to sacrifice it all， to knowing that， hey well you learn something from it。

 that's the same thing in pickup， I mean you do a cold approach， and you're trying something new。

 but in terms of business， the challenge is， like pickup， where at the end of it。

 you are a completely intact， in business， you can basically lose all your money， and be gone。

 so there's a way bigger risk， but at the same time， there's checks and balances in play。

 and everything that you do， it's the accountability check system， accountability systems in place。

 so that there's a failsafe， it's kind of like an options world， where you have a stop call limit。

 and you bet that somebody's going to go up， and if it goes down where you have an option。

 to protect you from dropping all the way， you have to do that in the business world。

 I mean you kind of do that naturally， and you're socialsay， when you try to do a cold approach。

 and you know if something doesn't go， and put the way you like it， you know that you might back off。

 or change your approach very quickly， because you know if you don't， you're going to cause an issue。

 that you don't want to deal with， and I think that happens in business， more times than not。

 in pretty much every business， so you don't， because I know you're pretty stream， you go hard。

 you're not one of those guys， yo we're going to put it all on the line， you're not that guy。

 right that's what you're saying， well you know I play poker， Texas hold him no limit poker。

 so I have no problem， putting it all on the line all the time， and I do that。

 you know one of the things that I'll do， is trying to grow faster than we might want to grow。

 necessarily， I mean in terms of like the recession， we're growing super duper fast。

 at the time the recession is out， our revenues were continually doubling。

 and we at the time the recession， made it into Ink Magazine's， fastest growing companies in America。

 we were on the ink 5000， this we're like number 85， or 65 or something like that。

 more or less California based companies， it was pretty cool， and a lot of that growth。

 even though it was so fast， and so rapid， was us putting everything on the line。

 so I invested about a $4 million， to create RSC nation， RSC Underground under $60，000， $80，000。

 you guys don't even know what RSC Underground is， because it's basically now called YouTube。

 and we just re-created YouTube， before there was YouTube just for pickup， and channels for it。

 and we then we need to integrate YouTube into it， then YouTube just took over。

 and then we had RSC nation， which is like our social network。

 before Facebook became like our social network， but all that stuff cost a ton of money。

 and then you risk it， and for us when the recession hit， people start traveling to LLA。

 we were doing programs every weekend LLA， and we had about a half million dollars in debt。

 and the new idea how he's going to pay it off， losing $6，000 a day net。

 and I ended up selling everything， I own including all the DVDs in my house。

 I tried to sell it in Hollywood， they didn't buy it， I drive an hour outside。

 to Hollywood to pass a dinner， and try to sell it there， just to get the $6 per DVD。

 and then I created a free tour， just knowing that I'm a good salesman， so is Owen。

 but I'm really good， he's awesome， when we tag team people。

 and just explain how awesome our product is， it's super easy。

 but we're really good at explaining the features， and benefits of the program， so I created that。

 270 city free tour， as a free program， knowing that on average， 20% of everyone I talked to。

 was going to buy something from us， and that allows to career that debt in six months。

 but that was me putting it out all on the line， nowadays it's a little bit different。

 you can't really put it out on the line in the same way， because we're a much larger company。

 there's a lot more to lose， there's a lot of systems in place， fail-saves。

 that prevent me from putting it all on the line， even if I want to， and that's good。

 because you have the people in check， and you have your board directors。

 and it's kind of a toy different game， where you're with a team。

 especially when you have a larger team， as opposed to a one-man show。

 where you're now having it quick and fast， but it's cool because you're kind of protected。

 by having these checks and balances in place， I'm gonna speak up。

 the chances of one of my mom's experience watching this， is very high， so I should， I mean so。

 so like what Nick was kind of saying about like， an all or nothing。

 that arguments or anything that I have with my business， printer would actually be that。

 my business printer went from being， like I had to touch saxophone。

 to a multi-millionaire in like six months， right？， so I just imagine you guys waking up。

 and you have like， four or five million dollars in the bank。

 and six months ago you were playing saxophone， right？， so my business printer is just。

 really an all or nothing guy， he's willing to just toss， all the money at something。

 at any point in time， and I'm like no， no no no no no， we're doing good we're doing good。

 no no no no no， let's do this like slowly， we can spend small increments， so most of my arguments。

 with my business printer， would be about that， like he has no issues， spending two million dollars。

 and something that I'm like， this has like a five percent， chance of working， and he's like。

 I don't care， we can make more money， and I'm like， calm down to us， right？。

 and I think I really say this， because he talks about， on stream， so， cool， yeah no you got to。

 your partners， yeah there's no way I'm missing， I'm pretty， my friendship， my business partner was。

 fucking dorm man， my boy Brian， and I was like， yeah， I'm gonna get some of this money， with me。

 he was like， he never had been in business， before right？， and this and I。

 like not my first business， I was doing shit before you， too， existed right？， and， so like。

 I don't know， he doesn't understand a lot， of shit so we， it's like， we just trying to。

 I don't know， it's the same thing， just we just， you can come from different。

 perspectives sometimes， and creates friction， how important is it to have a partner？， I mean is it。

 something you guys， it's the most important thing in this， like， quite far。

 like the people that you， sorry， the people that you work with， you spend the most。

 of the time with， you're gonna spend more， time with your business， partners and you do。

 through your wife， so you better like， your business partners， it's like really important。

 like if you guys， aren't friends， outside of it， like either that， or you're gonna。

 end up in a system， where like you guys are so， far apart from each other， and you're， like running。

 like one side of the， company， and the other side of the， company， is kind of mesh。

 but like your business， partners， you hang out with them， regularly， everyday。

 but I mean most of the， time you bounce back， pretty fast， but yeah I definitely， think business is。

 something you， know my partner， we were better friends， probably before this， you know。

 but you know， whatever， I， I think， I think， I think on the friendship， side。

 like when you're friends， and like， let's say I do 90% of the work， and the other person。

 is 10% of the work， when you're friends， and somebody they feel， like they are like， a 50% equity。

 and you're like， no no man， like I don't actually， need you， I can do this， wherever I， myself。

 those situations， pop up right， yeah， some， yeah， yeah， yeah， but I would have， these suggests me。

 very picky， in fact I learned this， from Nick， like a year and a half， ago， where I was just like。

 I keep hiring， employees and they， suck， and he's just like， get interns， and now I did that。

 system， like right， so I had like， 15 interns， around the how long， and I was like， oh。

 and told me to do it， and I， yeah， that's my， harming process， it's a 90 day， interview， yeah。

 you're going to， work for free， and maybe， yeah， we have the same， thing， 90 to six months。

 or longer， you know， some guys， who are interns， are way longer， who is the longest， intern。

 and how long， and when do you， do you， first join RSD， April， keep up the good work， man。

 what are you going to， say， yeah， well for me， like， towers like， my brother now， more than。

 a partner， I mean， that's a very unique， situation， because， yeah we were， much more。

 similar before we， were in business， very very similar， we were just focusing， on pickup。

 we think we're， right care about business， business was just， so we could continue， to do pickup。

 and not have to， work a 9-5， because if you work a 9-5， you can do pickup， we were addicted。

 to the game， our com was， calm and phrase， I used to say all the， time was I love the。

 game and it was， like a deep-seated， obsessive love， where I basically， didn't want to do。

 anything else or， think about， anything else， because we， do this thing， called a three-day。

 challenge in RSD， and we did a three-year， challenge， a 1000-day challenge， instead， it wasn't like。

 a 1000-day challenge， it was a 1000-day， so pick up， in a row， but the goal was， to do a three-day。

 challenge， and then， things just changed， because one of us， had to start， running the， business。

 ops and what， have you， but， you know， I see it all the time， people that， they don't have the。

 same kind of， partner relationship， that I know， and now I'm in a， situation， where all my。

 partners are RSD， instructors， because now， each RSD， instructors， are running， their own。

 business line， they training， in unnecessarily， rush， and then， all of a sudden， they， run， between。

 classes， and， like， I， and， the， programs， run， and， Starr， also， Remove， the， robot， and。

 guidelines， and， proximity， all of these，quiles，传开美国的送牢，今天传开的小伙伴，那是一个相对手段，很足分地，合照着出现外景，是用其他奖劲，處理人形容。

身相对 Therefore，我来说，amshower，amps，薄套，生意，卉好， Post，生意，工作，InRSD，We Could Understand Weger，或者完全分析，因为我们是来自。

母亲的，跟美国， seja欺售的话，会建议，我们秉联为，會建议，会建设，孩子，按摩麻 可以，会议 颗え 绑绑，但讲一个，建议 在 ordnance，口罩，因此两个，造型，我们每asa，的他每条。

分析身份，现在，要把fold required process 主要的專業，讓做Udzu Youtube 素貝与Youtube 完成，頌頭其實跟Youtube 主線結束，因為下個晚的巡取，頌頭是想再貴。

如果你有提供 YoutubeYouTube 條件，去了額西分開，留言告訴你，電視設計照isi提到的，重要的方式，腳步法要多玩，輪會多玩，要繼續看，'三雅教教極為變一夫人，所謂的不起軌，擰絕使所有學生。

一直崩潰， Simple noodles，身為有只是自己的思考，你應該算過，只聽著潮流真的是，味道更大，我真的最新疆，我完全之成為他們，像 hd，一樣的出來，世代健身，我還是知道，這 Manyаг。

就準備了，絕對誰，只要你是新購刑，是不是他想要你的公司，我JF做的事我發現 it is a passion，是因為力量很 interested，他就回到了他們公司的士好好分享，在又是�， Joe。

他們都是onde，他說那桌子，跟你幾位 countryside，是的，就是交代工 died，所以有很多人，你不需要承受到，人家的能力，是不需要，所以我們就要，想看，那些工作，我們，我的，朋友，是名名。

Magalan，他，是，10 million，$10，Sublim，一群人，一群人，是一群人，但他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他。

他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他，他是，他是，这是， леж歌，他，他是，你是，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾。

華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，華諾，你把那些人的身材都拒绝，更多的东西，会更好，和我们的，所以你 guys had talked about，你把车的车子，在你的车子里，去车子里。

然后你车上车子里，所以你把车子里，车子里，你把车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，车子里，开心悟惰，人们要来穿摄影响。

你的将细节，常撕在卡德堡国，而你:"因为他们先处bie见了你的衣服，对员防，我最需要不要webe，想着这東西，我们的处于，Music，蘑里，那个传nal。

他 Already vetted the people for me，所以 i don't have to go to the toilet， It makes it easier for me。

 Today just sent me an intern， he thought would be good for me。

 So if you have friends who can actually do the vetting for you， that helps too。

 And as far as your questions concerned， I have no fucking clue man， It's a bad。

 I'm learning that shit， I was a solo peanor for most of my life， Just a guy， one man operation。

 But now having teams，安定中国人，我是低班伍的，全世界的工作齐人，獨投入，低班伍你，我人定了，to my own he good act，他勒äm，new set，nation。

 cheering，K Pour， Music，带得十八，的抱貌，哈哈，這是什麼，我心想完全瞓，跟你能夠，可以如此，我，相對於其他節目、咀蘭台、是都是我的，，而是用相對何額，那麽頭髮價格發落。

最多值得辦比較好，不然你不得SDone Free，這是凡結局的大體，他的金包低，的話加少數的則量，而十分之調。。。。，我的服務，只比較高，我的被利益不單，我在前開玩笑，換來我也不明，我倒是還費得是。

器 Amen，我材料有兩邊丟得到，這也是有人他ilon，但他我說 method，我又在初 fury，他兩年 等對等，min 第一天，我以為是遊戲的世界，我真的不太想要這麼多，但最重要的是。

我可以看到如果有些人在玩，因為遊戲的世界的世界，是很大，如果你有沒有在玩，你會有些人在玩，你會有些人在玩，對，所以我最重要的是，我會看到，有些人在玩，我會看到，如果有些人在玩，我會看到，如果有些人在玩。

我會看到，如果有些人在玩，我會看到，如果有些人在玩，如果有些人在玩，阿曲，阿曲，阿曲，阿曲，阿曲，阿曲，阿曲，這個只有，對那一物，牡耀，和一定，乙人，如果內，要低划，以 Africa，與河商，對乙人。

勃你，不能抽到，向後，k，解到，整場，默，別人那致 living，不能同樣地這樣，別人那致 living，你不教他呢，小姐，小姐，你是，染ativo，背後時經過數 再有賣，另外一個 剛才因為，12歲。

提早些 yapt法律，現在技術電源，確，有香港者指� Something，數集，發育，發育，發育，發育，發育，發育，發育。

那 same thing will happen for people that I might have worked with for several years on the corporate level。

 I'm not even talking directly anymore， but it's because things have changed so much when you grow from a company that's just you to this much larger entity。

 you just have to because there's not enough time to date for me to manage。

 you know hundreds of people who are to have you as opposed to just like 10 living in a house with you。

 it's a very very different game， but a lot of that had to come from just me understanding and doing a lot of these different jobs。

 not a story to my best my ability， I mean what I used to do I used to think that I was really good at everything。

 you know I used to say if everyone could do half as well as I could do and half them twice amount of time。

 then they could keep their job， and I don't even know if that's the case anymore。

 there's a lot of things though that now people are even better than me at。

 I mean for one most obvious one is like the pick up skills。

 you got guys like a join that are hitting the field and are doing things well beyond。

 I ever could do or guys like Luke in terms of like my soulful skills and soulful circle game。

 I have a lot of pride in what I'm doing， and I guess seeing what Luke's doing I'm just curious。

 as his story is his rival mind so it's really interesting to see that kind of thing。

 now on the structure level it's very obvious because we hire guys that are extremely talented。

 in terms of business administration a lot of them are supporting the goals and needs of the instructors。

 and a lot of those instructors will manage their own teams。

 and a lot of the influence and how well they are doing in terms of being a team player。

 is managed by that inspirational process and also the teams working together。

 are creating their own cultures well a lot of the checks and balances comes from teams working within themselves。

 so RSD was never built as like this military hierarchy。

 it was built as interchangeable teams working together。

 and so you might have sales working with marketing with finance and the instructors working with all of them。

 and as a result you know everyone kind of created their own roles。

 I used to tell you when you want to create a title。

 create any title you want you call yourself the president of XYZ， you know I don't care。

 now it's a little bit different now because you know there's so many people they've。

 coined these titles， but a lot of them you know if I was going to be a typical businessman and creating the typical hierarchy。

 the titles I give them would mean something very very different and they're not in the right place。

 but you're still doing the right job and doing their job well。

 and then a lot of it's based on metrics you know they accomplish the goal。

 accomplish the task and they get the result then it's great。

 the challenges they can always do it better， so the challenge that I'm always facing is how I could increase and optimize it。

 because if people are doing stuff that are good， if it's not like total perfect excellence you're out。

 it's really hard to determine that， and a lot of people don't have friendships with brotherhoods。

 I mean this whole company even the students in this room it's like a brotherhood。

 and as a result it's really difficult， of course you're impossible to fire a brother。

 especially if they're not doing your job， what you could do is you could reposition them into a job that you need。

 as opposed to a job you don't and they don't perform the leave。

 you know I mean I know there's times where you have to fire people。

 especially if they can't work in certain teams or just kind of huge issue。

 usually something about insubordination or something like that。

 or just flaking and shirking because they don't have the passion。

 and they have to try to put into work but they're really trying to hustle。

 you can take that hustle and you can put it into any other role or responsibility， in your life。

 I mean when I first was in the business where I used to intern every single summer。

 for a different company from age 16， so that hustle mentality。

 you know I couldn't keep that I wasn't planning to ever create my own company。

 it kind of just happened because I was forced into the position of being a business owner。

 so I think if you just have that hustle， and you have a creative skill set and you have that intelligence。

 you can push things forward that's why I'm always in education。

 you're joking around about me being in a former education。

 because yeah well I'm into this because I come from an academic family。

 my mom is a teacher and I was a professor and became president of a university。

 but as a result I'm so addicted to education as well。

 now staying in law at Harvard you have shown me managing this company。

 I mean even when I was in my second MBA program which is at USC。

 I remember I was going to Sydney Australia flying back for class and going back to Australia。

 you know you see me here living in Vegas and have to fly to Harvard。

 and then come back to Vegas to take care of my cats， you know， it's a tough one for me。

 oh I just got to follow a question， where do you guys I got a question for you。

 the internship process so it's been successful， but I find it I find good guys and guys I like and they're willing to work。

 but you really have to teach these motherfuckers， as opposed to hiring someone who knows how to do it。

 so there's checks and balances I mean I'm not just pros and cons。

 because I you know all right so this is you know， especially in my business like you know I have to explain that。

 each one of these is what does copyright in mean， you know or like just how to write a sales letter or。

 I don't know just from scratch right so I don't know。

 is that do you think it's I sometimes I feel like man maybe it'd be better to hire someone。

 we already got a shit together what do you do， well it really depends on what your budget is right。

 when I first started our budget was really low， I mean I think to pay all of our employees we had less than a $12。

000 budget， so I thought determined that our second round， that we had like 140，000 viewers。

 our competitor has in between 500 and 700 employees and we had four。

 four total me and Ma's and two production guys， our cameras were on boxes our microphone was boot lagged。

 our casters desk most casters desk cost like two or three hundred thousand。

 I bought ours at a grud sale I went and printed off posters。

 and it looked cool as fuck I don't know， it really depends what your budget is right。

 so our interns were really cheap we even moved to even cheaper model。

 where it's just like you want to come work for free for a little bit。

 and you get to hang out with a ma's， well you pay interns。

 so our paid interns were getting paid a thousand dollars a month when we first started。

 because Ma's has feelings， I have less feelings， I thought just hanging out with a Ma's in general。

 especially in this space was a really cool perk in bonus， and a Ma's really wanted to pay people。

 so our interns cost a little bit in the very beginning。

 and we paid for all their flights and their housing food。

 and then we moved to a model after a while， where as a Ma's we spent like a hundred thousand dollars in these interns。

 and he was just like let's do the free model of the Nick Talks， about it I'm like cool yeah。

 but no man I actually to be honest I would actually rather pick up somebody who knows nothing about the business side。

 and teach them everything then， but I don't think that's a scalable thing。

 I think that's something that we do currently， and when we grow to bigger obviously we would start looking for more。

 higher quality people that would just understand things。

 I do a mix like I saw a higher muf and then for mission critical shit。

 you know like a higher quality could do it way better than you， sure。

 and interns could do everything else， I can train and do that's what I'm talking about。

 I mean the goal is to get an intern that's so good that you can train your other interns。

 and we have one whose name is Max， he's like one of the better managers in our space now。

 and like if you like we're walking up to me， you should hire this guy。

 I wouldn't even think about it to hire the guy， so like that's the goal right you get one intern hopefully you find a gem。

 and then that gem is， you probably have at least you know 20 of those by now。

 that you just like almost completely trust you're just like。

 oh that guy's good oh okay you can work with us， absolutely， so， even the video production。

 mission critical to our quality and content definitely do that。

 and yeah one of the things that we are starting to do is more executive recruiting。

 in fact I interviewed an executive recruiter， that I'm going to post an interview on my YouTube channel。

 in terms of how you hire people， and yeah we used to do what I called anti top grading。

 which is what we described as a process of instead of going through this lengthy interview process。

 and hiring people after a lengthy interview， it's you know you just hire everyone。

 and he's given one little small task， and they do that one small task like。

 go get the camera and put in the car， and then unpack the camera and do it every day。

 then it might say okay now， you're gonna have to turn that camera on。

 and make sure it's aimed at a particular person， any of that will pack the camera and pack the camera and do it every day。

 and then you have okay now you have to do that， but you have to have two cameras。

 and we just keep upgrading from there， and that's the best way when you're bootstrapping a company。

 but now RSD reacts will hire people from really big companies。

 like one of our recent hires is Mikail， and Mikail he used to work for。

 you know Tilo Piss doing his marketing， now he does our marketing。

 and we also hired a bunch of MBAs， guys who are with enterprise skills。

 managing enterprises you know， they have the knowledge at least from case studies。

 at least from for much occasion do that， and these are all guys that we you know， I pay six figures。

 we're off the bat， without any trial whatsoever， but that's a new process。

 that's where you actually apply the top rating， that's when people are thinking about top rating。

 and that's a toy different world， but I mean it's been a decade and a half。

 so I mean it takes a while to get to that point， especially for us I mean we consider ourselves a。

 girl company that's grown fast， some people might not ever get there， yeah it's good insight。

 so let's shift gears and talk about YouTube， all three of you use YouTube in a big way in your businesses。

 right I mean YouTube is one of the biggest players， and what you do。

 online video getting an audience together， what how like that's you don't own。

 you don't own the platform of YouTube， so if something happens if。

 if YouTube goes out of business tomorrow， how big of an impact is that going to have on your business。

 how do you own your audience beyond just YouTube， do you have other ways that you can pivot。

 if you need to if YouTube becomes a problem， and maybe even give some ideas on just general talk about YouTube。

 and like how to build a channel， how to do some of that as well， but give me some ideas on that。

 man I got some insight on that， I had a channel before this one。

 and it was like it wasn't as many scarves， it was only like 20， it was about 20 million views。

 at the time and I don't remember how many scarves， but it was a good sized channel。

 and that was how I was running all the traffic， to buy my products and all that stuff。

 and then one day， I wasn't doing no black hats shit。

 or you know especially that can't even know how to do any， any crazy shit。

 and I just got an email man， it was shut down， shut fuck you now， why did they get shut down。

 man they never told me， I still to this day I don't know， that's like years of investment。

 years of the day， it was like it was over， it was like and， and all the traffic， from all the sales。

 from like my products were basically coming from YouTube channel。

 because I had I hadn't invested in， like pretty， I went all in on that one， this is a whole story。

 you know and that shit sucked， man I was fucking depressed， and I had to go get a job。

 like I had to go get jobs， I was working for my boys moving company。

 and I had a friend who owned a restaurant， so I was working for a moving company。

 he worked fucking moving shit up and down， people said I was 10 hours a day。

 and it's a five days weekend， and when weekends I was managing my boys restaurant。

 and you know and then I， I was like fuck it， I'm gonna try it again， yeah I go back。

 and that shit was depressing， I was like depressed， and I started over， at the same time。

 somebody hacked my website， and I like around， I think it was like the same week。

 it was fucking none but boner pills， and by all， so you gotta remember， so you gotta think。

 people was like， oh man， you're seeing brand new man， you stopped making YouTube videos。

 all these other still fucking， viagra and shit， you know viagra， and vibrators on his website， no。

 that's what he's into， so I had to get that handle， and yo， I started over scratch。

 but I just tried to diversify， the platforms， and I went harder， with email marketing。

 and you just feel that more， you know what funny thing is， back in the end。

 I didn't know what I was doing， and I didn't know I built， the email list over 100，000 people。

 and I was like， man it's just expensive to say， I'm just into it one day。

 I didn't know like is anybody， knows any email marketing， knows it， yeah no that was a fucking。

 you just ended your email list， yeah but I got it， I'm back up there， but I'm just saying。

 I didn't know what I was doing， and， but yeah I diversified， and I was talking to。

 Ellie also about that， he said yeah man， he said， I'm botching a quote， but he said。

 one is the fucking， it's the most dangerous number， right so he says， I was like。

 what does that happen to you， he's like， man I got fucking YouTube， I got my email list。

 email someone， fucking say， come here， or some like， so now I have， it can happen， but I have。

 every video， saved， I have all the footage saved， I never， delete SD cards。

 I saved all the SD cards， and I upload all the footage， and the finished videos， to Dropbox。

 so we have like， the biggest， like everything is saved， everything I've ever， done since then。

 it's backed up， so I got the videos， and the raw footage， from everything， both the hard copies。

 and in the cloud， you know so， if it happened again， alright， I got these videos， to re-upload。

 or some shit， and I'm in my， and I was starting， focusing on Facebook， and then Facebook grew。

 even faster， and it's a 1。5 million， that shit was， crazy， then I release some books， on Amazon。

 so I got like a two， I got three best， selling books， they've been number one on Amazon。

 so it's just， yeah， yeah， one of the books， Ultimate Cut， Seven Segris， The Burn and Fat Faces。

 they got like， 700 Reviews， with like， Fost our average， and， that's， that's what my use。

 of lead acquisition， we get a lot of leads， from that， so if something was to happen， I'll just。

 fucking change the links， and that shit， re-upload it， and that will help， you know， it's just。

 I got different shit in place， so everything would have， the collapse， and once。

 for me to be fucked up， you know， yeah， it's cautionary， for all you guys， yeah， hey YouTube's。

 kind of weird for me， because it's probably， about like 5% of our income， so about add revenue。

 on YouTube， or yeah， like maybe less， maybe 2。5%， something like that， I think I'm also。

 like 5% and 5% subs， or something like that， his video accounts， probably around like， 50 million。

 maybe a hundred， and actually no， we don't really focus， too much on YouTube， we've played about。

 45 minutes a week， worth of effort on YouTube， what are you focusing on？， Twitch。

 but as far as YouTube， is concerned， the stuff that we， did really well with， if so many were。

 to get into YouTube， they were at AspaAdvice， I guess I would say， try to collab。

 as much as you possibly， can with other， popular people， so that networking， facet。

 the video is to do， the best for a ma's， or whenever he's not， in the normal， character。

 so whatever you normally do， if you do something， out of the， ballpark， like a ma's， never drinks。

 and he did one drunk， stream with another， one-time， and on a ma's， this channel， I think you got。

 700 or 800，000 views， but across all of YouTube， I think it's like， the 50 to 200 million。

 viewcal right now， like it's across， like two or 300 channels， like people were just， ripping in。

 and just putting it， on everybody's channel， because he's drunk， for the first time ever。

 and he's like this， massive， tiny little Asian， celebrity guy， and he's like， running into walls。

 and shit， so I would， I would have to say， like if you want to get， popular， one network， like a。

 Mark supply， and， Rosecy， and， pastino， going played， was a cook， wrapped， blue， the， brands。

 went out of the norm， and lettuce people， know that this is the，gage， and here's， the。

Pose Shit Every Fucking Day，Alright， Like， Like he's， He's channel like， Before he even goes live。

 has 8 to 12，000 people， seeing his offline chat， He's not even live， There's nothing going on。

 to just sit in there， Wait for him to come on， Right， Consistency， Have a schedule， Like，B，B。

 On a normal schedule， And on top of that， One more， Sorry， I'm gonna keep going， One more thing， Um。

 If， You are like， Somebody who like， Works， 3 to 4 to 5 hours a day， And。

 Your competitors are working in 5 to 6 hours a day， Start working 5 to 7， 8 to 8， Beat them。

 Work harder than them， Like， That's definitely something that， applies to YouTube and Twitch， Like。

 If your opponents are producing 15 minutes of content， Make 250 minutes videos， Produce more。

 Like be more active， So， Yeah， Brandon， You just， Revealed Owen's biggest nightmare， Which was。

 What would happen， If his YouTube videos， Just magically disappeared， You know。

 We have him backed up， We have him backed up， But I mean， We need to， Yeah you lose the view count。

 And， You know I like the idea though， We've talked about this， We've actually had this conversation。

 But what we would do， I told him what we'd， Upload everything to Vimeo。

 Because we have a copy also raw， And I guess just preparing for that， Just makes me think。

 We should just， Upload all of it to our Facebook channels， And Vimeo channels now。

 Just have it ready to go， Because yeah we have the emails， And we have the customer database。

 And the phone numbers， And we get to know call chains， That we want to say。

 We have a new YouTube channel， Or hey we are using， We have Instagram， Go to Instagram。

 We only have one minute videos， Now we have Snapchat， So we're definitely diversifying。

 But yeah man， Having a， 8000 people waiting for you。

 And it's like a weighing in the line of the club， Imagine like a 8000 person line of the club。

 It's supposed to be exclusive club， To get into， To power a Twitch。

 I'd love to get more into Twitch as well， You guys just sent me a yesterday， And a Twitch， Yeah。

 And， Consistency was saying like， The only social media in general。

 The only is only one real tip man， Post shit that people like frequently， I thought you got to do。

 I mean honestly， If you post shit that people like， I mean collapse， collapse， or adult too。

 But you still got to follow that up， Post shit that people like， Autotouch。

 What about post after the posting， How much interaction， How much engagement are you focused on。

 How much back and forth， When the conversation starters， The video or whatever asset you're posting。

 How much of conversation you have after that piece， Nothing beats post shit that people like。

 You don't have to say shit， You don't have to， You can't， I do it because I like to talk to him。

 But that's more like just me， You know， Fucking talking to the。

 I really do want to help these motherfuckers， But you just， Some of the work， I actually want。

 Nick Reynolds introduced me to him like， Yesterday， I've been watching for a year。

 And I didn't even know that they worked together， Right， I'm down like 40 pounds。

 So like it actually works like I use his diet， Yeah， I use his diet structure。

 I use all this fitness plans， When I first started working out。

 I hurt my right shoulder like nonstop， So it's benching over my neck， And just one of his videos。

 He's like you got a bench over your fucking chest， Hasn't been hurting a year。

 I mean his shit works like you remember this， He's， I was star struck and I hang on building。

 Right like I was literally star struck， My business partner was like you're such a dork。

 That's fucking awesome， Yeah， So he said shit works， It works， Thank you， I appreciate it， Exactly。

 Like if you whatever your shit is， If you posted the people are， Is helpful or they like。

 And they're fucking motivated， How do you do that？， How do you， If you're starting out。

 How do you get something to people like， How do you determine that。

 How do you know what to post people are gonna like， I don't know。

 I think if you don't have that then maybe you shouldn't do it， Yeah， Absolutely， Yeah， I'm sure。

 Well yeah I mean one of the things that， Towers done so well， Is to create。

 How you addictive content that is， He puts in his all， Like he makes like a cinematic film。

 So if you look at us， Yeah we have like about 16 million hours of， Viewable time。

 Take your subscribers by watch time， And it's a lot of every month you know， It says a lot of time。

 But at the same time his number of subscribers， Among his， We have 20 channels， Towers has two。

 I think between the two of them it's like a quarter million， Yet at the same time his view count。

 Average is anywhere from like 50 to 150，000， You look at ask men。com they have like， 3。

5 million subscribers， Average view counts 1 to 3，000 views， It's ridiculous。

 And just creating really， Epic content quality， Now it also helping you have。

 You know over a million dollars in AB gear， And then you have teams that follow you around。

 But even before then we were using 1，000， Or little handicams。

 I mean did that for about two or three years， It wasn't until my wife was going to Harvard。

 And she wanted to upgrade her gear， I was like well I just got her gear。

 You kind of sad if I didn't give RST some nice gears， And then we just went a little bit overboard。

 But yeah definitely the regular posting schedule， I think。

 Fredrator says that posting like on what was it， Thursdays at between the hours of 2pm to 4pm。

 Is the best step for 18 to 35 year old demographic。

 So I definitely post my best interviews during that time， And sweetest we'll study a lot。

 About 2 to 4pm on Thursday， And then on Monday， It's the second best time。

 Well reason why is because the peak is on Saturday。

 You post it on Thursday right before the peak on Saturday。

 It takes a while to process people out of time， And they go watch it on Saturday。

 But a lot of people watch YouTube videos on Saturday， Or in the daytime the afternoon。

 Before they left the clubs， Is there any demographic or the。。。， That's for 18 to 35 demographic。

 Because like our demographic。。。， I mean this is like something that I studied。

 So for hours it's like 9am， Because we had people in the morning。

 And then we had to e-up people at 7pm， Yeah I think that it was a general。。。， That's for both。

 You're in a demographic is like targeted at like 14 to 24， Yeah it's like 28 to an under。

 Yeah it makes sense， I'll go ahead and do it before school。

 The hitting the most part of views is sometimes， The hitting the most part of people that are willing to buy。

 How I did like purchase stuff， To like make money off stuff。

 Is actually just looked at eBay and Amazon's most purchased times， So on eBay it was 6。

30pm in California time zone， And that whenever。。。。

 Yeah whenever we started posting stuff and content， Or on that or。。。。

 Let's say we post a video on YouTube， We saved the tweet until 6。30pm， Right？。

 So if we're going to post something on YouTube， Our social media。。。。

 All specific time or doesn't matter， This is all。。。， It's a pity yeah。

 So like let's say I post a YouTube video， And then normally if we post one we used to just immediately tweet it。

 Now our social media guy knows to tweet that video at 6。30， Because whenever the people watch it。

 That's the most time zone to buy a product， Got it。

 And we just did that based on Amazon and eBay's most sold time periods。

 And I thought that that was a really good model to start with。

 Yeah but at the same time there's going to be holidays。

 So I mean you'll see either like dramatic drops during Christmas holiday。

 Or if you have a special at your thing， But overall most people have low drops。

 But in like a joy for for example， It's like it peaks right around the midnight run。

 Joy for the day and joy for the day， It's like a spike sometimes， I think if you look at the。。。。

 If you look at the refrigerator， I think it also shows you the year to year。

 So you can see how the trends are changing， Because I know dramatically。

 Social media is changing in a huge way， If you look at even like in 2014， 2016。

 The influence and power that one person has in social media。

 Went from having nothing on the mainstream media， To being now where individuals have more power than mainstream media outlets。

 We get rival CNN in terms of the movement， They can't。。。。

 I mean we had joy in gate it and we had the world attacking us。

 And we didn't really respond well but we were gonna survive， Now we had the same situation。

 We could probably defend ourselves and actually win， And win the message war。

 I remember the LA Times， People were talking shit about RSD。

 And there's like 3000 positive comments， They can fuck you， these guys are from LA。

 They created their business in LA， They're sure full of shit you do any research。

 And you can clarify so much more of that in terms of the social media now， I know。。。。

 My interview with Tucker Maxe and I toy agree with this。

 He said that he believes the future of all jobs， Is just going to be relationship building。

 And a law that's going to come from technology， Because technology all makes everything。

 So all jobs will be about building those relationships。

 Connecting with people and influencing those people。

 And I think that's going to be the biggest thing， And also that's why we're focused so much on training people in power of influence。

 Even in RSD， Now it's。。。， Now it's influencing dating。

 But all those transition points in terms of influence。

 Will apply directly into your business life and networking life。

 And a lot of people will have been really focused on growing and innovating in that。

 Now you still have those old school companies like Dale Carnegie。

 I've been to his programs but we're really trying to build and innovate off of that。

 To take it to the next level， Yeah that's dope， One more YouTube。

 YouTube is the second largest search engine， Right so。。。， Most people don't know that， Yeah。

 you search people， And you search so people search in YouTube， Nobody will， Yeah。

 I'm going to get that words right， People search and so learn some search engine optimization。

 I think。。。， Yeah， that's going to help a lot， So I'm not as concerned， I'm changing that now。

 But initially。。。， I'm not as old videos got more views when we changed。

 Even his stuff we pushed a year ago got more views， So I don't care if a video gets。。。。

 I don't care as much of a video gets its first week or two。

 I'm like a year from now how many views is that， Because then not only is it going to have more views。

 Is it going to have more SEO， more cool jokes right。

 So I have videos that didn't do shit the first two weeks， Like I have a hit cardio。

 one hit cardio video right， You didn't do shit when I first posted it。

 But now if you type in hit cardio I don't know if it does today， But it did last month。

 It comes on Google， So it gets that juice and。。。， Yeah and you're sweating and ripped in it， Yeah。

 you got to post shit people like， You can do all the tricks in the world。

 Post you should at the right time with the right SEO， And if you shit sucks。

 More people just don't know it sucks so it won't matter， What about 50。。。。

 We have about 15 minutes left， So we'll need to wrap up soon。

 But you guys all make deals some of them are big deals。

 So it depends on who you might be a partner or whatever， Talk about deal making。

 How do you approach deal making？， What's the mindset？。

 What are you looking for when you go into making a deal？。

 Are there partners or sponsors you wouldn't take on for example？， Are there things you wouldn't do？。

 Are there challenges that come up in deal making？， And you're like， oh。

 you're telling me something about， Making deals in LA earlier about how you were dressed like this。

 And you're like， you got to come back when you're in a suit， You can't even walk in our offices。

 That kind of stuff， So what kind of stuff comes up in the deal making process。

 Or how do you think about deal making？， Talk about that from it， For me。

 usually if I do it as usually with a friend， Like I got my own company so I don't need those sponsors。

 Or no shit like that， I don't need it or want it， But I mean shit， I sponsor myself。

 But if I make a deal with someone， They're actually like a friend who probably owns a company。

 So if I do someone with RZ， It's cool man， It's nothing。

 Let me stay at the house once when he wasn't even there， It's not even like that。

 I don't need a contract or nothing， Those are deals I make。

 Maybe that's when it changed at some point with other people。

 But right now it's just I think she's with my friends。

 Like Ellie asked me to do some with him in London， He just sent a text， Ellie Holtz。

 And he just sent a text message to me， I booked a flight to London and did this thing with him。

 It's not even， it's not。。。， That's how I do my deals。

 And when the times I don't do deals with friends， It's the times I've been burnt。

 Even though I thought I had everything， So I don't need fuck with my boys right now。

 We've definitely turned down sponsorship deals， And probably most people's minds。

 I think we've turned down millions from gambling sites。

 Just because we thought it was really bad to associate amaz with those brands。

 We were at brands like Amazon， Amazon sponsored our biggest tournament， Mofie， Twitch， Bud Light。

 He's a Bud Light All-Star right now， So he's in a Bud Light program where he travels around。

 And they take pictures of him and all that stuff， What else？， Yeah， he's cool。

 He wanted to turn that down too， Do you see these people out there？， How's that people going？， Both。

 both， So in the first year I co-called， So I literally just walked into doors of Coca-Cola。

 And I was like， hi， how's it going？， I'm really important when you want to talk to me。

 And I got a lot of notes right？， But every single yes I got， I made it count， Right？， So like。

 and on top of that， most people in this space， They're just like， yeah。

 this is just sign a deal or whatever， I do consulting work for them。

 This is how you enter the space， how we're going to sell your products。

 And hopefully this is how you get your return on it， Right？， You do the same thing。

 it's really easy， We should have a phone call about this later， I love you， So it's awesome， But no。

 I mean， I did mostly approaching， In the very beginning。

 But now it's to the point where I'm on Mars， I mean， I'm on Mars is like so popular。

 We walk down the streets， he and Nick， We have a competition who gets recognized more， Right？。

 So like， now he gets offered stuff， So I don't have to co-call anymore， But for the first year。

 I was really cold calling， Or showing up to offices and being like， hi， how's it going？。

 This guy has X number of viewable hours， It's equal to like a top 10 YouTuber， Right？。

 Like a Mars has more hours on Twitch， Than the top four YouTubers combined。

 I think our tournament in viewable hours， Be it the entire season of walking dead， That's insane。

 That's how many people were watching his content on Twitch， So pitching that to a company。

 Because they don't know what nobody knew what Twitch was， Right？ Like nobody knows what that is。

 Pitching that to a company was like something that was new， And nobody else is doing that。

 And I was just like， there has to be profit for the others， Come on， let's get them on Mars。

 So that's how we started， I'm learning a lot about sponsorship from you。

 So my sponsorship has been quite relaxed， Like I've had partners like， What do you have here？

 Sapphire， And then we have a deal with them， We can sort with them， Awesome sponsorship。

 And then we also have alcohol companies， They'll give free alcohol for parties that I throw。

 Or sometimes free tours， We'll give free content， Or sometimes free tours will give people free condoms。

 We'll get condoms sponsors in Asia and around the USA， So yeah， good brands， strippers。

 condoms and alcohol， Yeah， you know， Yeah， for real， You know， congruent brands。

 So I think a lot of it has been for fun， But then we'll also get venue sponsors。

 Like back in the day we had friends that owned Fox in Australia。

 So Fox Sports gave us free venues or， you know， DeVry， Because my dad owned a rye。

 And we also had not just， you know， businesses， But universities would give us free classrooms and stuff like that。

 So that's always things that we're definitely always open to， In terms of sponsorships。

 There's a like a deal making， We'll make deals with anyone that's able to contribute to the corporate culture of RSD。

 And anyway， that's positive， And so we're always looking for that， you know。

 Like you're saying friends， visors， People apart your match。

 my group sharing resources with each other， Those are always the best。

 And that's probably the easiest way to do things， Now if you get a good agent like you having like。

 Are you a manual on his team？， I could hook you up， that's awesome。

 So when they come to town just means to do something， But I mean， yeah。

 we're definitely open to building that a lot more， And I think that if I got on to Twitch。

 I'd be a lot of fun anyway， Yeah， you know， I think I got a little chip on my shoulder。

 Like with corporate America， Or like， I don't know， man， like almost like。

 So I think that's where my hesitation goes， But I'll talk to you about it， I think it's like， fuck。

 I only want to do， Yeah， they smoke sponsorships， corporate sponsors？， Oh yeah， no。

 I'll fuck with that， It's like really good stuff， Most of our sponsors promote and mods as much as they promote him。

 Which is like， I think without sponsors we wouldn't。。。， I mean， the money aside。

 they promote us as much as we promote them， Like， I mean， Bud Light。

 like one of their tweets is just like 5，000 hits， Immediately， and like。

 and then like if you look at the impressions on that tweet， It's like 6。

5 million people who viewed it or some shit， It's like， wow， that was。。。， Hey， thanks Bud Light。

 You know， like， so I don't know， some of them aren't， I explained on mods all the time。

 like the money's irrelevant， Then promoting you is pretty insane， like， so。。。， And on top of that。

 holy shit， Like， these companies are still well connected， it's like。。。， It increases everything。

 so。。。， Okay， so。。。， We need to wrap up， So I'm going to ask each of you to。

 Give us your kind of final words of advice， You're talking to somebody maybe depending on where they're at in business。

 Getting started， maybe they're a little bit， you know， into the game of business。

 What is the best piece of advice maybe you've received or that you've come up with on your own。

 That you could give to people watching to say， here， if I could boil it all down for you。

 Like in a 3 minute encapsulation， here's what you need to know， And I'm getting ready to like， GTFO。

 but this is the thing you gotta go， He's gonna take some water， Okay， I said this earlier。

 but I think this applies to anything， Not even business， just in life in general。

 You get way more knows than you get yeses， So I make those yeses count as much as you can。

 I think that's actually the major difference between a guy that has a really hot girlfriend。

 And a guy that's a millionaire and a guy that's not like， press those yeses， Because， you know。

 opportunity's coming if you don't accept them， Like， what the fuck are you doing， right？， Like。

 there's a lot of people like， you can play and like， oh， that guy had it so easy。

 But that guy put work to his ass off to get it there， So。。。， In terms of business。

 I think business is all about business relationships， So。

 in the most important part of that business is those relationships。

 So if you don't have the relationships， which is based upon that trust and respect。

 There's no business， So for me， it's always about trying to establish that basic rapport。

 That's the emotional intelligence， the emotional IQ。

 It's investing in people's emotional big account， So you can pull out that social capital later。

 And that goes not just in terms of external people。

 But even to people that you're working with internally。

 So me and a lot of people will do that just with solely the resources they use with payroll。

 But a lot of it comes to so much more than that， That's why you have so many people working 20。

 40 hours a week for free for RSD， As one of our thousands of volunteers or a couple of other interns。

 One of the people who are in immersion or the people who are potentially trying to get on payroll。

 They will put in those extra hours and time because they believe in the movement that you're creating。

 And that movement is one they feel like they're a part of， They feel you're a part of a team。

 a culture， a brotherhood or what have you， We've kind of done that to the extreme in terms of like that building process。

 And we were kind of working with Zappos who were known for their corporate culture as well。

 And trying to share with them how we're doing things so they can model some of the things。

 And what they were doing right， Which is a lot of everyone in the same page。

 I remember Tony had everyone in my board do an exercise， He said。

 I want you guys to each write down three words， one word each。

 Those three words are nouns that define your business， And nobody wrote down the exact word twice。

 Neither one of us had any commingling， And it shows you have to get everyone in the same page and that vision。

 And Owen's great as a chairman of the board， Trying to establish that five to ten year vision in the future at Steve Jobs。

 And I'm really good at the executive level operations and just execute， Speed execution is king。

 Taking everything in action， that's why we're a field-based company。

 We call ourselves real social dynamics， RSD is with the big R because it's all about real world situations。

 And that's all reference experiences from the field， Field experiences king。

 So just going going out there trying whatever you need to do to get what you need to get done。

 All that comes from the field more so than any kind of education。

 More so than any kind of reference， more so than any kind of anything。

 I think that's going to be the basis upon anything else we do in the future。

 If we're ever going to go deeper into health and fitness or these business worlds of teaching modules。

 It's always going to be based upon not being an armchair professor ensuring field experience。

 I like what you said about adding value， but like to everybody。

 I just noticed when I meet people at the high highest goal， everybody does that。

 I just knew what met on and I'm coming to LA， And I'm not there， but you can stay at my house。

 It wasn't the house， it was a fucking mansion， I don't know， everybody at that level does that。

 But to everybody， not just to。。。， Because then it becomes a part of you and it's not fake。

 It's not like you're just trying to get somebody's like， no， this is just how you are。

 And I think that's。。。， I think that's going to work well for everybody。

 Especially for your customers， right？， Like， obviously you want them to pay you。

 But if you really like giving them something， My problem is I price it too low。

 Because I want to fucking get somebody to value， And that's going to change， But no， but we're like。

 I just give too much out too low， Because I just really want them all to fucking stay。

 I know what it can do for them， But yeah， that attitude people will appreciate。

 I think that would be my one thing， Cool， well thanks for coming guys。

 You guys are all going out to Omnia tonight， Which is an awesome club tonight， special night。

 So you guys got to get to the club before 10。30， So we got to wrap up if you guys want to say hi。

 Ask questions afterwards， Please feel free to come up， And for everyone at home on video。

 Hope you guys enjoyed the show， Cheers。