# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：8采取大规模行动_08. Taking Massive Action​--十大赠品微信156066050

一网练习的方案就是，你得封驳重大的利用， When you are going for something，说一等不要全体的情况，这是说，一停的 birdsong，应该如何使因此，要不把人家谬弃。

因为他 haben any recommendations，来担心其中人，说例子，这些是 И Here when i was teenager，我希望让人去代表，切成各国、線就。

为一个普底 machines，他imii，Well，，I think he should go first，and ask questions later，if you have an issue。

that comes up，will be ready for it，and so i did it，and I ran for the office，and I didn't wind。

but I had an awesome experience，I think that just taking action，give those reference experiences。

that you need，and just doing it right away，and a lot of people will delay。

and people will think very carefully，about what actions they want to take，and sometimes。

 Especially in mission，苦術，重點是如何會減育，很擅長的是，在豬身上悪生OR的心情，很重要的是，很重要的是，是要有什麼事，讓人的生活十分比較好，這樣很大觸的人，都是那個人。

最重要的是，最重要的是，可能作出一程，即使喙了inya，美國發揮群社公司，當他很重要之後，英文就說，爲rieu，自己看起來，你自己正很少，說，她只有倫 media，就件事，很危險，嘅，開過，自己竊彈。

如果他上班，都非常恐悠充力的，很好攻上女 czyli，但是，我 我 Typically， thoughts， when you're looking at things， attends things。

 that you're thinking about doing， and ask yourself， if you have that question， in your mind。

 should I do it or not， because usually the answer， even if we have that question in your mind。

 is yes you should do it， does the fact are asking yourself that question。

 means you don't know the answer， and if you don't know the answer， to that question。

 usually means you better find out the answer，如果你不做出最後一點，rit stain，总 sich等传 zhas，你其實覺得很，強強的，選擇你的主動。

看得像特別精彩，這保留了所謂，比較短就是，但基本的意思是，對於同意告訴你，除了 lock，得不興趣的就不，因為，说那种动拟要提供升soft，他是无限的話，是 opical action，所以内缺乏。

你要遇到错误，且挑逼，明 Torah，德国行理 office，应该是尤其是，玮紫，这是拥有关系，觉得生合无限，理由，耿倒，事实，把国家判断，鬼吃， поз吃，子，如果你試，我會最初的時間，如果你試。

你會試得好，最好是你的肩膀，我 mean，你會試，你會試得好，你會試得好，你會試得好，但如果你試得好，你試得好，但你試得好，最好是你的肩膀，那是 still cool。

那是 still something that，就 shows that you need to refine your skill sets。

 especially if you can do it again， because I know that， you'll be surprised how often。

 even if it's just about people， let's say you're a network of people， you'll be surprised how often。

 you can meet somebody， and they don't even remember， another time meeting you。

 I know that there's a person， I've met in the business world。

 who's a really important publisher in Los Angeles， I've met this person maybe twice a year。

 in the last 10 years， and that person still doesn't even remember my name， it's crazy。

 maybe that's my fault， maybe not memorable enough， my friends and I were joking about that。

 don't be afraid of losing that opportunity， to make a first impression。

 will be a chance for you to get， unless you do things really， really badly。

 especially if really important people， who need a lot of people， because your short-term memory。

 is probably not that large， I know for myself， my short-term memory。

 in terms of things that are not， the top of my to-do-ist。

 or people who are not massively essential in my life， just disappears， probably lasts a few days。

 if that， definitely doesn't last that long， but massive regrets happen if you don't take action。

 all the times where I'm trying to imagine， what would have happened if I did that， it haunts me。

 it's a nightmare， I think about it in my dreams， these are the things that you don't want to have to deal with。

 these are the things that， will haunt you even on your deathbed。

 all the things that you wish you knew， all the things you wish you could have learned。

 if you did it， things that you can only learn， from coming to the field。

 because you have the emotional responses， and the field experience， reference experience。

 and intellectual knowledge， and a lot of body responses， to deal with these things。

 these are the things that you only get， from taking action， taking action now。

 taking action as soon as you can， the other thing that I like to do。

 and this is a phrase I often say， even on the golf course。

 when you're trying to make a difficult shot， is go for glory， always。

 when you see those difficult shots， that you are like， okay I don't know if I can do this。

 go for it， you'll be surprised how easy it is， sometimes you accomplish your goals。

 when you go for it， and that glory will result， in a lot more fruits and of labor。

 than anything else， to always go for the win， always go for the goal， and never give up。

 the key to success though， is speed of execution， a lot of people will delay。

 whether it's a business idea， delay， starting a new career， delay， going and getting that education。

 and signing up， that is the people that fail， the people that， kind of dilly dally。

 they think that one day they're going to do something， just do it， life is way too short。

 and although， most CEOs have this same kind of environment， of you have to do it。

 because you're forcing time pressures， create those time pressures on yourself。

 just knowing that life is short， just knowing that， there's only a few years of life left。

 for most people， and if you， fall some people's advice， they talk about live every day。

 as if it's your last， I don't think you necessarily have to do that， but just know that memories。

 are your most valuable thing， otherwise you have nothing， you I look at my photo。

 albums I've created on Shutterfly for myself， and those people that are really important to me。

 and those things that are most memorable， are just those memories of those， creative adventures。

 and things that I did right， took a risk， and I went through it， and I went through it。

 and I had a great time， now， you will lose at first， when you take massive action。

 on things that you don't necessarily， have a good skill set at， especially in social settings。

 but enjoy the rejection lessons， just as much as the successes。

 I know when I was first doing a cool approach pick up， I would experiment with the craziest things。

 my pick up days I was doing the most ridiculous things， but it wasn't about。

 the way that I got a negative response， because I got a ton of negative responses。

 from some of the crazy things I was doing， it was the fact that I could laugh it off。

 and I was like wow， I didn't know I get a response， exactly like that。

 I thought it would be negative， it wasn't like that， or wow。

 I can't believe I got a positive response from that， because I would try one response。

 from the exact same thing， for one girl， be positive， and just almost the exact same thing。

 that would do for the different girl， would be positive， it was just really interesting to see that。

 social dynamic and that social experiment， and see the results of that。

 it's like having a hypothesis， pretty the test， and then see the results of your experiment。

 and then tracking that， and riding down the field of port， on rstnation。com。

 we have field of port section， just so people could do that， they could track that progress。

 kind of like their own journal， if that people even call it journals。

 and they track their progress there， just so they could use it as reference。

 I did the exact same thing， back in the day I was doing， in both discussion boards。

 when we were a document， tracking my progress， with that is what I said， what I did。

 tinkering it with a little bit， changing it， and then just tracking it， it was a fun thing to do。

 it was something I also thought， was really cool to look back。

 because that was all part of the memories， all part of the stories， all part of the adventures。

 things I could look back， and say wow I did that， that's interesting， and I also love hanging out。

 with my good old friends， from the old pickup days， because I could remember。

 when we used to take massive action together， it's always great to take action。

 but it's even better to do it， with friends， people you care about， and now I could go back。

 and hang out with these guys， and we'll make jokes， about these pickup days。

 and the things that we were doing， are so popular， I'll even meet， really successful people。

 that I didn't even really know， that well they were reading， our field reports。

 and actually copying us， and then we would share stories， from our pickup days。

 that we didn't even share in common， but because they were doing， similar things to us。

 and I thought that was a really， interesting way of how I was able， to network with people。

 that were really addicted， to that process， to pick up because for some。

 pickup is not just a process， that's self-development， it's actually an addiction。

 to that adventure， and excitement， and the adrenaline rush， that keeps people excited。

 all from this， taking a massive action， but it inspires you， it inspires your creativity。

 it inspires you， out of the box， thinking it gives you the confidence， that you could have。

 and it didn't just affect， how I interacted with the world， in terms of pickup。

 it interacted with the world， in terms of business， my social settings， in terms of confidence。

 I felt like I could understand， how it worked better to people。

 in pretty much every kind of situation， all because I took massive action， and I did it again。

 and again and again， through thousands， and thousands， and thousands of reference experiences。

 in fact， Tyler and I， when I first got involved， with it we did a 1，000-day challenge。

 where we went out every day， for three years， some people do 30-day challenges。

 this is just kind of like a， addictive spirit that we had， that kind of got people。

 addicted into this， by my own company， because we shared that， enthusiasm。

 and we took massive action， that is the extreme， of massive action。