# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：01.建立全球业务的幕后_01. Behind the Scenes of Building a Global Business​​--十大赠品微信156066050

所以我 wanted to go behind the scenes on building a global company with real social dynamics。

 One of the things about our marketing and our sales copy is that everything in it is so how educational。

 it's surprising that people will actually watch our videos on our sales copy and read the sales letter。

 dozens of times。 I think the average person who reads our bootcamp sales letter。

 which is literally 30 pages long， will actually read it about 12 times before signing it for a bootcamp。

， As a field test， when we first created this company。

 I field tested how conversationaly cool it was， so much that when I was doing sales calls myself。

 I actually just read verbatim the entire sales letter。

 word for word for a client over the phone and stopping every time there was a headline because in these long sales letters。

 there's large headlines and there's text。 And then getting his response and then kept going all the way to the sale。

 and at the end he put down a $2，000 payment and signed up for the bootcamp。。

 I thought that was truly amazing how we would do that。

 So what we did in the company was we created a marketing and advertising process。

 that was both educational， fun， conversational， as if you're talking to one of your best friends。。

 And I made it so that everyone in the company was a hunter， not just a gatherer。

 because there's two kinds of people in a company。， The hunters of the people that chased the sales。

 the hunters of the people that kind of go for the money， they kind of add revenue。。

 Whereas the gatherers are people who are more just the administrative people who kind of shuffle paper like people who are doing hiring。

 for example。， The same thing goes in their social setting and people that kind of just grow the social circle and the other people who kind of just like maintain it。

， And one of the things that allowed us to be so good at this process was just spending so much time and money on having a solid education。

， I literally spent over $100，000 a year on an internet marketing courses and business courses and seminars and doing that with my team。

， In fact， not only did I do an undergraduate in the MBA， I actually went through two MBA programs。

 one of which is at University of Southern California here in Los Angeles。。

 It's basically a $1 million education of investment in my career to get things going so that we can move this company forward。

 And if you look at every single person in our company， we're always learning。。

 So much so that our culture is focused on that continued education。。

 That we even have people usually working for us for 12 months， maybe even up to three years。。

 Just volunteering so they could work for us for free so they could learn more from real social dynamics。

， But it's a lot of hard work。 When we first created this company， I was working so hard。

 I didn't even take my shoes off sometimes when I was trying to go to sleep。， Literally。

 I'd be in a friend of a computer， making phone calls， doing sales， college， doing customer service。

 I even was practicing my computer skills， building websites。， And I would just get off the computer。

 lie down on my bed because my desk was in my bedroom with my shoes still on， wake up， get back up。

 I should be still on， and just got back to working because we were working so hard。。

 It's kind of frustrating when I first created the business as well because at the same time。

 I was the only one who was really doing this。， Well， everyone else， who is an instructor。

 like Tyler and the guys were out in the field。， They were going down to the sunset strip。

 picking up girls sharing stories and adventures。 And at that time， I was in that same mode。。

 I felt like Nightcove was like my physical environment。 Like I was a tadpole swimming in the water。

 And I kind of needed to be in that environment。， And I just wasn't as much fun。

 But we created this company， so it was very， very kind of cross functional。。

 If you look at our team， you have sales interacting with operations。

 sales interacting with marketing， sales interacting with instructors。。

 And all the other teams kind of mix match with each other。 It's not like a typical large company。。

 If you look at most companies， they'll have divisions。 How we separate divisions。

 We did this because we wanted our teams to be part of a community where they share ideas and interact with each other and kind of understand what each other does。

， The same thing happens when you're in any kind of social setting。 You're with your friends。

 And you know that some people are really good at core approach。 Other people are good at wingman。。

 Other people have business skills。 Other people have skills that are more about networking。。

 And so we combine these people together to kind of create the best team。

 Because teamwork is probably the biggest core value of this company。， Because if we wanted to。

 when we originally created this company， it could have been just me and Tyler。

 But we wanted to value a team。， Because only with the team can you reach a very strong。

 highly-influenced and large global scale。， And that's what we wanted to do when we created this company。

 Because when I first created this company， our vision and mission was kind of two parts。。

 I had my goal where I wanted to create this large global company and Tyler's goal to create as much influence as possible as many lives as physically possible。

， Now， the biggest transition happened when we went from living in the Project Hollywood mansion。

 this huge rat-packed mansion in the Hollywood Hills where we built our company，。

 to kind of getting a virtual office where we have teams that are traveling around the world from place to place。

， We now have offices in multiple cities like Vegas and LA。 In fact。

 we even have a huge house and that's where we're recording now。。

 But at the same time back in the day， it was more like we had our clients meet us there。

 we had people working there around the clock， and everyone was living there。。

 Whereas opposed to now， our house is mostly in office and is also a place to crash during non-business hours。

， Tyler's focus has also always been on live seminars。

 but we've changed a lot of it to Proctoville because now we can reach a lot more people。

 people that can't travel to our cities。， When we were living in the house， we were in Los Angeles。

 And when we were in Los Angeles， people had to fly to us。。

 And I thought that was really cool because I get to live in this awesome social circle that I was building from scratch。

， And we loved Los Angeles。 We thought it had amazing， beautiful women， exciting adventures。

 and great nightlife， and all that still true today。， Yet at the same time。

 now that we were able to travel around the world， the 270 cities and 70 countries and do programs in all of them。

 and also do side trips like I went to 110 countries in the last decade。。

 And most of that was for business。 And you learn so much about different cultures。

 meet so many different clients， and as a result， we're able to also find people that are better fit for our company and learn from them because our business and our social life is all part of a mastermind。

， I stopped doing a lot of instructing a long time ago。

 I was focused a lot on the business administration because at the time。

 I was the only C-level MBA guy in the company。， Now we have multiple people who have MBAs and are running the business administration。

 And so I had an office in Pasadena。， It was what Ozzy called his happy place because that all the instructors crashing at my place and it was right in the center of the city。

， But at the same time， I kind of got away from the Hollywood nightlife scene。

 Pasadena is a very quiet place。 It's like an hour to drive to Hollywood to have dinner meet up with friends go out to the nightlife。

， I still did it。 And I also had people come to see me and I invited people to come out there for dinner parties and regular gatherings。

 I did that because I knew how important it was to build a social circle on a regular basis。。

 I invite people to lunches， dinners， I'd often treat people。 We'd have potlucks。

 we'd have wine tastings， we'd have all sorts of fun activities。。

 But I was able to do that even in a small town in Pasadena with Hollywood so close by because I built relationships that were so deep and wide in terms of all the conversations and topics we could talk about and things we had in common。

， And the thing is during all the crazy social schedule building I had to do and also the crazy business schedule I had to do。

 we had a very， very difficult time managing the growth of this company because it grew very。

 very fast。 It was kind of like a tech startup where instead of like a typical tech startup where you have a massive growth in the people who have experienced that massive growth。

 being your advisor and investing in your company，。

 we kind of had to learn to ropes all of it ourselves where we were hiring massive amounts of people and growing rapidly and trying to match our expenses with the growth。

， And it was excruingly exciting。 Yet at the same time we had months where we were losing every day。

 $6，000 a day not knowing exactly what to do until we got on top of how to manage that growth。

 got the right teams and plays got on top of our expenses and managed that whole process。

 It was pretty hardcore。， We were trying to manage a lot of it based on the business model created by a guy named Corey Roodle。

 He created internet marketing。com and is known by many to be the grandfather of an internet marketing。

， He was actually my mentor when I was first creating this company and he created a something called an Insider Secret Guide。

 I think the new one presently available isn't anything like the original one， which is like over 1。

000 pages of business advice about how to build a business。。

 Although I'm touching on a law that I still recommend if anyone could get that version。

 I think it's from 2005。 It's pretty awesome。， He created a company where they traveled around the world doing seminars。

 They had an office where it was similar to our office。， For that of a house。

 there was a center of a business which I used to go to。

 And I think it was really cool to see somebody finally who had a business structure similar to ours because at the time we were trying to model ourselves after other people kind of like dating and pick up and self-improvement。

， And most of these companies were one to five man companies。

 And we were much more than that than in the very beginning。。

 Our main focus though wasn't even on business development。

 We was actually on all the curriculum we were developing。。

 We were developing so many infield videos， so many high quality courses， and so many tactics。

 In fact， we were developing content so fast that we didn't even have enough video guys to record what we were doing。

， So most of the stuff we had back in 2004， 2005， and before that。

 because we've been around since 2002， wasn't recorded。。

 And you are very lucky today to have almost everything we record in thousands of hours of videos。

 at least most of the time， and also in how we organize programs like the one that you're watching now。

。