# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第2周-RSD Mikhail（RSD 首席营销官）_Week 2 - RSD Mikhail (RSD Chief Marketing Officer)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

Hey guys， what's up？， It's Nick and I'm here in Las Vegas， and we have McCale。。

 He's our chief marketing officer at the Mansion in Los Angeles。

 where he is meeting with Tyler and a regular basis and our teams。

 creating all the cool marketing creatives， and also leading the direction of a lot of the content。

 in terms of what is most interesting to our students。。

 So a lot of the stuff that you are seeing in the RSC Founders Club。

 and also on our YouTube channels， are coming from us to using the feedback we get from students。

 who are talking to us on the Facebook groups， or the comments that we receive from the YouTube channel。

， I wanted to talk to you guys today with McCale， kind of like a riffrap of all the cool things。

 that he's doing with us in terms of like his background。， So he's not only easy and also marketer，。

 he's been behind some campaigns like Owen's Hot Sea， at home campaign。

 he's also been behind major business gurus， and people that are YouTube celebrities。

 doing millions of clicks。， Hey， man。， Thanks for having me， by the way。， Cheers。， Cheers。。

 So to dive in not to do too much of like a，， he's been behind this behind that。。

 I think it's always interesting to look from the authority， perspective on what really makes people。

 tick in this way， right？， Because I think RSD is such a unique brand。

 that I just wanted to shout out。， And thank you for having me on this Founders Club。。

 I think what you've done with this is really unique。

 and really amazing and it's going to open up a lot of opportunities。

 for a lot of people and really change a lot of people's lives。， So I think it's really cool。。

 Awesome。， Thanks， bro。， For sure。， So to dive in， the first thing，。

 since we're kind of talking about this marketing thing，。

 I think the first thought in people's minds， is going to be， what is marketing， right？。

 Because this is like one of those things， where it's almost like a foreign language，， I think。

 to a lot of people。， And until you really understand the verbage。

 and the different nuances that go within a specific language， or a specific field of any study，。

 like I know your big golf fan， it's very hard， to really embrace the concepts。

 that often go with those things。， So to start， I kind of wanted to really break down。

 what marketing is because I think with the audience， that we have watching this，。

 there's going to be two types of people。， You're going to be either in a position。

 where you've been evolving in your game， and with your dating life。， And as a human being is a man，。

 and you're maybe in the beginning stages of that。， And then there's going to be some of you。

 that are watching that are more intermediate， more advanced，。

 that are already more familiar with how game applies， to these other areas of your life。。

 But maybe you're kind of looking， to take it to the next level。， So to start。

 I really want you to think about marketing， as an extension of yourself。。

 This isn't some external thing。， It's almost like a car， Nick。， I know you said you race cars a lot。

， I think you can attest to this， when you really get in tune， with the way that the vehicle。

 the machine works。， It feels like it's almost like coming out of your hand。， And it's a part of you。

， It's not this external thing at that point。， It's a part of you。， Yeah， definitely。。

 I totally feel that。， How a car moves around the track。。

 Totally feels like it's par your whole body。， You're shifting with the whole vehicle。。

 And in terms of brand and marketing，， I can totally see how it's your image。。

 It's kind of like your personality， when you first meet someone from a cold approach。。

 It's what's putting you out there。， Your personality and style。

 is always going to be very different from the next guy。。

 And I think that's also why people are surprised， when we have such different unique RXT instructors。

 in their style， their personality， their content，， versus their entertainment。。

 It's always going to be very， very different， from channel to channel on YouTube channels。。

 And the same goes with our boot camps。， Definitely。。

 It's interesting because one of the speeches I frequently do， is， I think you were present for this。

， is what is marketing， what is art？， And in a way， art is self-expression。。

 And I think marketing gets this really bad rep， because we've all been marketed to。

 in a way that's not always pleasant。， We've all been sold or tried to be sold。

 on something that maybe we don't need or want at that time。。

 And so it rubs almost the entire form of expression， like the wrong way。。

 It's almost like hip hop in a way， where you have these certain hip hop artists。

 that portray themselves in the media， in this very aggressive fashion。。

 And then that ends up carrying across，， across a whole genre。。

 And marketing's very similar like that。， And like you said， it really is a form of self-expression。。

 It's not just something that you do。， It's almost a way of life。。

 Like when you go and you order a coffee，， you are actually doing marketing。。

 You might not realize it at the time， because you're not making the connection。

 between the expressive aspect of it， and quote unquote what marketing is。。

 And as soon as you realize that you expressing yourself， in any shape or form， even if， let's say，。

 like a good example is I had like some frustrations，， you know， recently。。

 And I had a day where I got very like very upset。， And I kind of stopped and I thought to myself，。

 I'm like， I am marketing to the world。， I am my personal brand。。

 The way I'm presenting it to the world， is that I'm in this negative state。。

 So it's actually very interesting。， And this is kind of a really unique way to think of it。

 because now when you're applying it to something like pick up，。

 now you're really starting to see all the crossover connections。

 because not only are you now expressing yourself freely，， free associating， but now you're using it。

 in this higher level form to apply it to other areas， of your life to get success in business。。

 Like you've mentioned， I mean， I've done，， you know， tens of millions of dollars for my clients。

 and I'm planning to do much， much more， and really excited about it。。

 It's what really makes me tick and makes me happy。， But to do that， I wouldn't be able to do that。

 just as a quote unquote marketer。， You have to become an artist in that field。

 to really be able to get those results， because every human being is different。。

 And just like pick up， if you understand human beings。

 and you understand the way that the brain works， and influence and persuasion and mindsets，。

 that's where you really get into this other level。， And you can really start tuning in to things。

 that otherwise you might have completely overlooked。， So it's kind of interesting。。

 I think one really unique thing is，， you know， what you've done with Founders Club。

 is really crossed this bridge between， you know， pick up，， and it's always said that pick up。

 is like self-development in a way。， And where does that line really cross？。

 And this is one of those things， that once you really take a look at that bridge， and you say。

 you know what， let's take a look， at what is on that island over there。

 because it looks really robust。， It looks like there's a lot of fruit in this island。

 and not only are you pioneering that，， but you're also showing the audience that，， hey。

 you know what， you don't have to just be stuck， in this paradigm of pick up all the time。。

 You can actually push all of these concepts， that you learn within pick up。， You can take。

 you can push those， and you can take yourself to a higher level。， So I think that's really。

 really cool。， One of the things that I think is really interesting。

 about what you started to do was combining the areas， that are really fastening with marketing。

 to how people can also apply it to their social lives。， And I was interested in hearing，。

 because I've heard you give speeches， in front of our staff in Los Angeles。。

 We literally just rehearse what we call， the video sales letter。。

 And we kind of like share mass or amounts， of information and education。

 that it captivates people and intrigues people。， How do you apply these kind of seductive skills。

 in your regular social life outside， of just the business world？， Oh， definitely。。

 So this is one of those things that ties back， to almost like the old school days of pick up。

 when everyone was doing these routines。， And I think routines eventually turned into stories。。

 And that's what good marketing is。， So when you're， let's say， on a date with a woman，。

 and let's say it's just a Tinder date，， it's a one-on-one， you've never met each other before。。

 Well， there's certain things going on in her brain， that you have to be aware of。。

 And the more aware you are of those things，， then the more you can tune in。， For example。

 the very first moment that she sees you，， she does this evaluation of congruency。。

 We talk a lot about congruency of ulterior motives。。

 We talk a lot about being present in the moment， for what it is and not having attachment to outcome。

， for example。， And the way that you really apply these marketing techniques，， for example。

 one technique I use frequently， is called a battle speech， which is one of my favorite techniques。。

 And this is actually something that presidents， and other famous speakers， like Tony Robbins，。

 John F。 Kennedy， Martin Luther King，， use to manage emotional states。。

 So one of the very first things I'll do when I'm meeting a woman。

 is I'll actually pump her emotional state to such a high level， that that little part of her brain，。

 that logical part of her brain， that's overanalyzing。

 where the intent and all these other things are coming， from。

 it shuts off because she's having such an amazing time， and she's feeling so good internally。

 that all of a sudden she realized， wow，， I'm on a different paradigm level。， Maybe she was at home。

 maybe she was watching some TV， and then she went out and I was like， she realized，， wow。

 this world is really colorful， really beautiful。， And there's really a lot going on in the world。。

 And all of a sudden this person's kind of tuned me in， and opened that door for me。。

 And that in a way is very， very attractive， as you know。。

 It's opening the door to new opportunities。， I think is one of the most attractive things you can do。

， And that's really where marketing comes in。， You know。

 I can run through some more specific routines，， but that's one of those things that I think，。

 once you understand the concept，， you're able to come up with the routines yourself。

 a little bit better。， One of the things about you that was really cool。

 when Tyrone introduced me to you，， was he told me about your background。

 was not just in terms of marketing and business，， but it also was involved with pickup。。

 And that you have also a really fascinating background， in terms of your pickup game。

 and managing multiple relationships。， And I'd love for you to share some of those stories。

 and experiences so that our students could also， have some knowledge from that too。， Sure， sure。。

 So， boy， this goes back quite a ways。， Kind of interesting， actually， was working on my own pickup。

 product for quite some time。， And this product was based on the concept of layers， of communication。

， So it was a subcommunication product， that was a central focus。。

 And the central idea behind it is that we have these levels， within our own existence。。

 So at our very most internal level，， we have what I call the core。。

 And that's really the things that don't change。， Those are kind of your morals。。

 Those are the things that no matter what the environment， throws at you。

 you're not going to change the core essence， of who you are as a human being。。

 And then you go outwards and right outside the core， and gulfing the core。

 you have what I call the internal beliefs。， And those are the things that you believe about yourself。

 internally。， I am honest， I am punctual， I am， I am。， Those are all the I am statements。

 or I believe statements。， And from there， you take that internal。

 and it actually becomes externalized。， And the third level is your external beliefs。。

 So I believe people are good。， I believe that the world is a beautiful place。。

 So those are the external beliefs that you have。， And then the fourth level is what I call intercommunication。

， And that's the intercommunication between all the different， external beliefs that people have。。

 So for me， for example， I like having multiple women， in my life。， It's something I enjoy。。

 The way I kind of view this， and this shouldn't come off， as shallow。

 but I can see how maybe from an inexperienced， point of view it could。。

 So I'm going to go ahead and explain it。， But it's almost like going to a different restaurant。。

 You have your favorite restaurants that you frequent。， And those are kind of the women that。

 fill a certain want or need or desire that I have。， And then you have other restaurants。

 that maybe you go for the thrill，， or you go for the exotic nature。。

 And women are kind of the same way，， where you find the things in the women。

 that you can kind of play off of life。， So it's like colors。。

 If you're a painter and you're painting a canvas，。

 the women in my life are the colors of the emotions， that I display within them。。

 And if you take that multi-level，， I call it the onion theory with the levels，。

 and you really start paying attention， to your communication oftentimes， what you'll find。

 is that you're actually communicating， for example，。

 with your internal beliefs up against somebody else's， external beliefs。。

 So an example of that is I think we've all， had the situation where a friend is telling us something。

， or someone we meet is telling us something，， and we simply internally just don't believe it。。

 And so what happens is it's not crossing that barrier。。

 That person's actually not even communicating， at that point， because we're completely。

 blocking that energy out。， And that's one way is taking it internally，， but then when you flip that。

 you reverse that。， If you really start to pay attention all the time。

 that you've been speaking to a woman， or trying to communicate with a woman，。

 and you're trying to communicate that externally，， but her internal beliefs don't reinforce。

 that which you're speaking， well， you're not connecting。， So once you're able to tune in and say，。

 wait， what are the beliefs here in this case？， Wow， let's really look at those。。

 That's really amazing that those beliefs， are present within this person。。

 Let me find a way to connect my internal state， to her internal state。， And it's interesting。。

 I mean， I've been doing pickup for over a decade now，。

 which is kind of scary to think about in a way。， But it is， they say it's the game for a reason。。

 So the better you get， the more fun you have in a way。， So it's kind of cool。。

 Hopefully that onion thing kind of makes sense。， It's not too far over people's heads。。

 But it's a very unique thing that once you start， paying attention to。

 this is how I'm externalizing， my internal beliefs， then you start to realize。

 that everyone else is doing the same thing。， And you can really start to see who people are。

 on this really deep level。， And that's how you can get that subcommunication。

 that causes instant attraction。， We all know Julian is infamous for this stuff， right？。

 Where he goes in， it's like five seconds and he's in。。

 And I think this has a lot to do with the way， that he does things as well。， So it's very。

 very cool， learn from the best。， And that's why I love being a part of RSD。。

 It's because it's able to take every aspect of life， to the next level， whether it's business。

 pickup，， social skills， or what have you。， Sure。， I totally agree with you about the expression，。

 not an impression kind of philosophy。， And a lot of these， understanding。

 of the blueprints and roadmaps and what have you，， I know that tower。

 it's definitely hardcore into that stuff。， Even he created a whole program on the blueprint。

 that coded just talking about this exact kind of stuff。。

 In terms of what you're just talking about in terms， of social beliefs， the social systems。

 and social game。， Now we've talked about how some of those concepts that you。

 use in marketing for business also apply for dating。。

 How do you use it like in a regular soul circle， and networking？， Yeah， sure。， So this。

 I think at the end of the day，， comes down to really understanding， what the meaning of value is。。

 And this is one of those words that's thrown，， it's really thrown around like a lot in the startup world。

， in the internet marketing world， in the product creation， world。。

 And even in just marketing in general，， it's this idea of what is value。。

 I know you did a video recently with Luke，， which I thought was absolutely amazing，。

 where you guys talked about tuning someone into an experience，， like a hook。。

 You're creating little hook points for them， to latch onto an experience。。

 And that's really a prime example， of giving someone actual value。。

 You're creating an experience for someone， that they're able to take with them。

 for the rest of their lives。， I know you've done the parties where。

 you dressed your cat up like a taco，， which I thought was it a taco？， Was it a burrito？， Yeah， yeah。

 taco cat。， Dude， taco cat。， I mean， that's got to be one of the coolest things，， on Earth。。

 That's just one of those things that makes the world smile。。

 So as far as taking pickup and marketing skills， are really almost the same skills，。

 as far as taking those and applying it， to the social circle， this all ties together。。

 If you really understand， wait，， this is this person on the inside。， These are their beliefs。， Well。

 right now in their life，， it really feels like they need this specific thing。。

 And we all need different things， at different points in our life。。

 Some of us just want a friendship。， Other people want to go，。

 and they want to have a really good time，， sleep with a lot of girls，。

 and experience that aspect of life。， Other people are more career driven。。

 So where you find yourself in this moment，， as long as you're able to take this marketing，。

 it's almost like a cold reading tactic，， and apply it to the people around you， and figure out， wow。

 you know what？， This person here really needs，， for example， just someone to listen to them，。

 to sit down， and this is actually really common， with a lot of high level people。。

 I know you do a lot of high level networking，， and one of the big things you'll find is，。

 there's a phrase like， it's lonely at the top，， and I think that's very true，。

 because the higher up you get，， the more ulterior motives people come up with，。

 in order to get access to you。， And so what often happens is，， when you're at that highest level，。

 you have to be aware，， if you're with someone who's at that level，。

 like you say you're with a Bill Gates，， or someone， Richard Branson，。

 oftentimes they want to just feel like a human being，。

 because they're so used to playing the part of，， the CEO， the founder， the president。。

 What have you of that thing that they've created，， themselves， that image，。

 that's actually really common with a lot of celebrities as well。。

 I've dated quite a few like famous singers，， actresses， so on， so forth。。

 And once you're able to cut away， that inhumane image part of the interaction，。

 and really dial in to wait a minute，， what does this person need right now，。

 more than anything else in the world？， Can I give that to this person？， And if you can，。

 that's really where you take，， that social game becomes really， really a beautiful thing，。

 because then it comes from a place of giving，， it comes from a place of honesty，。

 and that's to ask congruent as you can be，， with yourself， with the universe，。

 with those around you，， and that obviously gravitates people to come back，。

 because if you were there for someone，， when things maybe weren't quite going their way，。

 I always say it's easy to be straight，， strong when everything is easy，， but it's， boy。

 it's really hard when things are hard，， and that's when you really need people around you。

 that care， so if you were able to be that person， for somebody， or maybe you open them up。

 to a networking opportunity，， that then led to them having an amazing career，。

 or maybe you introduced them to their future spouse，， or maybe you just， through an amazing event，。

 and they had such an amazing experience that，， five， 10， 20 years down the road，。

 they still look back at that with fond memories，， and are able to reminisce in this very positive way。

， that's kind of the way that I view it，， is how can I fill people up with the energy that they seek。

， and that really is kind of a marketing technique，， because marketing at the highest level is，。

 you give people what they really want，， not only that， but you give them what they need，。

 and you take that all the way down， to almost a spiritual level， so。， I totally agree with that。

 I love how deep you went into that，， in terms of the emotional connection，。

 I think this is really important， for especially long-term relationships of all kinds，。

 including women， because I think a lot of guys， are focused on RSD， mostly for the flash，。

 adventure， the excitement， I think a half-hour guys， are really just in it to try to pull，。

 but a lot of this connection stuff you're talking to，。

 especially trying to find out what's most important to them，。

 really will help you if you're trying to develop， those longer-term relationships，。

 and I know in the business world，， those guys that you're seeing are most successful，。

 a lot of them are also really relatable， to those hot girls， are also always having the people。

 with the luxury motors coming after them，， especially those that have their ship together，。

 as opposed to those people that are kind of just hot girls，。

 and don't really understand what the true value is。， I really love those kind of like mindsets。

 that you have put together，， what are some of the other mindsets， that you really have。

 kind of like as your core beliefs？， Definitely， I have kind of a three-step process。

 that I use constantly within my life over and over again，。

 and it's almost so silly that it's only three steps。， You know。

 this almost feels like one of those self-development，， the three-step blueprint or whatever，。

 but it's really something that time and time and time again，， I come back to。

 and it's something I've refined， through actually studying a lot of Buddhist techniques，。

 a lot of spiritual techniques，， and a lot of obviously self-development techniques，。

 and it's this three-step process to life， that really helps you move forward。。

 So the first step is simple， it's clarity of outcome，。

 but you really have to look at that for what it is，， because like all good things。

 it sounds so simple，， but it's so profound once you really get it。， So clarity。

 what does clarity really mean？， It really means the ability to see。， You can take that further。

 you can take it to the ability， to feel， the ability to experience，， and then of outcome。

 so can you experience right now， the outcome of your life？。

 And this I thought was really interesting，， because it's almost like you're working。

 from your deathbed backwards，， because that's really what it comes down to at the end，。

 without going too far into like esoteric concepts， of reincarnation and so on and so forth，。

 we're only human at the end of the day， we pass away，， at least with this incarnation of our body。。

 So if you start backwards from there，， and you work through your life，。

 as clearly as you can imagine it， what is present，， what does your life look like，。

 what emotions are you experiencing？， Yeah， you could take it to what car you drive，。

 what house you live， and sure， I think those things are great。。

 A lot of people I think will scoff at having nice things。， I don't think you should。。

 I think if you want a white Maserati or a helicopter， or a private island，。

 I think you should be very honest with yourself。， I think honesty is one of the most important things。

 you can show， so clarity of outcome is so， so， so important。。

 And I think we forget to have that even with tomorrow。。

 Like those of you that are watching this right now，， ask yourself。

 how clear is your tomorrow for you right now？， Because that's an outcome， you're going to be there，。

 no matter what， time， at least in this situation again，。

 without going into like alternate dimensions，， it's linear， so you're going to be there tomorrow。。

 So how clear， how can you picture it， can you feel it，。

 can you experience that before you're even there？， And it really starts with that，。

 because that comes down to being honest with yourself， about what you really want，。

 who you want to be， who you want to become，， what you want to experience and what you want out of life。

， And that clarity of outcome is what's going to drive， your direction。

 so that's what sets you on the path。， That says， hey， I want to climb that mountain。。

 That looks really cool， I want to climb that。， So that's the first step。。

 The second step is what I call immunity to circumstance。。

 And this is the most difficult step to practice。， It's one that's very easy to preach，。

 but very difficult to practice。， Great example is like I got re-rended。

 on my way to the airport today， right？， I was actually supposed to be in Las Vegas。

 with Nick doing this in person， and I missed my flight。， And there was a bit of a， you know，。

 Owen talks about upward spiral's downward spiral，， and that really set off this downward spiral。

 during my day where I'm like， okay，， well now I just want this data end。。

 And you always come back to this，， you know， what does immunity really mean？。

 It means to not be affected。， That means that as you're climbing your mountain，。

 you come across this big rock，， and not only do you find a way to go around it，。

 but you almost embrace the rock。， You almost embrace the idea of that circumstance， that happens。。

 So you not only do you use it as leverage， to pull yourself forward，， but it never sets you back。。

 That's a way that you never have set back。， And this is something that requires willpower，。

 and there's a lot of habitual things you could do， to reinforce this， but immunity to circumstance。

 Tyler talks about this all the time， right？， Being at the cause of your life， not at the effect。。

 And that's really where this comes from。， So I think a lot of the cool things。

 that you are talking about in terms of like your beliefs， and philosophies。

 even if someone doesn't have， the same philosophies and beliefs as you，。

 because you're someone coming from such a positive place， and they're so interesting，。

 there's like a seductive romantic nature， to people who have really powerful success beliefs，。

 and deeply believe in these kind of belief systems。， And I find that in long-term relationships，。

 when you're talking to a girl，， just sharing these kind of ideas，。

 really kind of add like a flair to the interaction，。

 kind of like build that trust and that understanding， that I think is really an important part。

 in the basis of relationships。， Definitely， it's，， there's like the concept of rapport，。

 of establishing rapport，， it's like this thing that you all of a sudden， have to establish，。

 and it's almost like handcuffs，， or like a little link，， I have established rapport now，。

 now I can go to the escalation phase，， and it's， you know，， I mean， it's kind of silly， right？。

 But I remember when I was starting out，， that's totally the way I approached it。， I'm like， well。

 I'm not in rapport yet，， so I must not escalate。， And what you mentioned is，。

 it's kind of interesting because this，， this is like， it's a way to live life。。

 When you're in love with life，， it's very easy for people to fall in love with you。

 because you're so in love with everything around you，， and you're non-discriminating。， It's like。

 you know，， Tyler always talks about this，， don't just open the hot girls，， open the room。

 open the whole room，， and he actually，， you know， when I've gone out with him，， I mean。

 tons and tons of times，， what he does， he opens，， he doesn't even open the people at first，。

 he kind of opens the actual room，， like he opens the space，， he goes， hi， space， how are you， space？

， How is the energy in this space？， And what that does is now you're in tune with like，。

 the air that's moving through this，， and now you don't longer have to go，， okay， am I in rapport？。

 Because you're a part of the air that's in the room， where the people are，。

 and all the people believe it or not，， are like， breathe in the air。。

 So they're almost like in this weird way，， they're like， breathe in in that which you are。

 because you've filled the space with your energy，。

 so now you're a part of everyone who's in the room，， and taking that， it's extremely seductive，。

 it's extreme， I mean， seduction，， this kind of comes full circle， right，。

 because seduction really is an art form，， and we were talking earlier about how marketing and art。

 are one of the same，， well， seduction are one of the same as well。， At the highest level，。

 it's the self-expression that can't really be tamed。

 by anything but this explosive attractive output， that people have around you。。

 So I think it's really cool and really unique。， I know you also have quite a few philosophies that you live by。

， it'd be kind of interesting to see your take on what，， what your perception is of，， for example。

 how marketing applies to game，， because I think you have a very unique position， to talk about that。

， In terms of social game，， and also in terms of the dating game，。

 I think the most important part is that you're more thinking。

 about the other person as opposed to yourself。， I think one of the problems that most people have。

 in your social life and also in your dating life， is that they're continually focused on what's in it for them。

， or what you're gonna get out of it。， As a result， it becomes so alchemy oriented，。

 as opposed to focusing on the process。， And in terms of marketing，。

 in terms of what we're trying to do with RSD，， in terms of these in all free content，。

 in terms of entertaining people，， it's more just trying to like express who we are，。

 what's on our mind，， and just trying to give value back to the community，。

 whether we get anything or not。， And as a result， we more likely get to successfully want，。

 because people build that trust。， People have that feeling that they know who you are，。

 they have that comfort around you，， and they're attracted to that kind of mindset and effort。。

 I think that naturally，， just like watching other romantic TV shows，， or action shows。

 or what have you，， you see a hero，， and that hero is always trying to do something。

 with a higher purpose，， something beyond what he thinks is more important than himself。。

 And as a result of that，， he's able to attract people to him and become a leader。。

 And as someone who is interested in picking up girls，， or is interested in business，。

 that leadership， that leading by example，， or getting people to follow you，。

 is a trait to definitely want to have。， The other thing I think that is really important，。

 is that Billy did not just have that desire， to kind of help people，， you have to understand them。。

 It's kind of what you were talking about earlier，， in terms of like the blueprints in your mind，。

 or understanding the different layers of the onions，， and trying to relate to the other person。。

 I think a lot of it has to do with expanding your reality。

 of all the different things that are in your life，， that you can take care of，。

 that are interesting to you。， So I mean， one of the things that I always got。

 really fascinating about was this old belief system，， like Renaissance kind of man。， My friends。

 when I was a teenager，， used to joke about how I believe。

 that I was still living in a Renaissance era，， because I always used to believe that。

 by having a really wide variety of skills，， not like mediocre skills，， or the most masterful skills。

， but like a high level of skills，， and a very broad， very，， very， and diverse variety of things，。

 but it was from simple things like speech，， and doing business，。

 or something that are more than art，， like whether it's painting or cooking，。

 or whether it's in athletics。， I think that just having that diversity of skill set。

 allows you to understand it，， or people better，， because not that you have these skills，。

 and therefore they have the skills，， it's that by doing all these various activities，。

 where you build these various skill sets，， you also get engulfed in this unique culture，。

 because every activity has a culture around it，， and you kind of have to fit yourself into that culture。

， so you know how to react，， how people expect you to react，， because one of the biggest things。

 in business and your social life，， is what is often too referred as， Query of Expectations，。

 and Query of Expectations is the idea and concept。

 that people kind of know what you're going to tolerate，， what you won't tolerate，。

 your belief systems， your boundaries，， what you might act like。， It's kind of like， you know，。

 the opposite of Smotnady，， but they appreciate the Smotnady，。

 but just having those basic ideas of who you are，。

 so you're not like what they would say is like the weirdo，， so when you just kind of out，。

 know where all the time，， and it's kind of like the oddball。。

 You always have one of those people in school，， where it's like that weird girl or weird dude，。

 and it's just from the lack of social calibration，。

 from understanding all these other people's points of views。。

 Many of our students actually come from that point of view，， and sometimes I've had situations。

 where I was in the class，， and I felt like I was that guy，。

 and I always wanted to gain an understanding， of a wide variety of things I just didn't understand。。

 When I was young，， I went to a boarding school，， and in that boarding school，。

 there was people that had a background，， a massive， massive success。， I mean。

 when you go to a global boarding school，， you have people from Saudi Arabia，， Hong Kong。

 all around Europe，， and you're talking about the errors of leaders of industry，。

 or people that maybe even have come from royalty， or celebrity family，。

 and they've experienced all sorts of things I didn't experience，， like yawning around boats，。

 and trying around the world，， and all these different things。， And so I got fascinated，。

 not necessarily because I could actually have access， to all those things，， but eventually I did。。

 I started reading about this stuff。， They started reading about magazines，， reports， and books。

 and the library。， I just spent a lot of my soulful time。

 just studying all these activities that I had no idea about。， I started reading autobiographies，。

 the successful people，， people who have done crazy adventures，， journeys， and their autobiographies。

， And because I wanted to travel around on a hot air balloon，， like Richard Branson，。

 I wanted to understand what his mindset was。， And this is because I wanted to start。

 a successful newspaper，， like William Randolph Hurst，。

 by wanting to understand what he was thinking， when he invented things like Yale Journalism，。

 and what have you。， Understanding history，， understanding all these different mindsets，。

 kind of allows you to understand what's going on today。， And eventually， by comparing the paths。

 that successful people have taken，， I've used a lot of that to understand hacking and access。

 to those things that those successful people have，， whether it was ideas，。

 in terms of how to create a successful business，， or how to get access to certain kinds of material goods。

， or certain kinds of resources，， so I could participate in some of these athletic events。。

 One of the weirdest things I did， actually，， was that I wanted to get an understanding。

 of how successful guys and girls， that were from like really weird European backgrounds。。

 And I came from very traditional Asian background，， but like really wealthy。

 like European aristocrats， that came to the US，， and then they would move to New York，。

 and then they went to school in Princeton，， where I was going to school。。

 And understanding that background，， because that was just like a fairytale，， weird thing to me。。

 And I was reading books like Pride and Prejudice， and GMOs and trying to understand that stuff。。

 But what was interesting to me is I got into a course poll， though。。

 And I didn't have a lot of money or skills， when I was growing up。。

 My dad at the time was a professor， and it became a successful businessman，， but when I was a kid，。

 you know， he didn't have like a ton of money。， It wasn't until I was already in college。

 and graduating from a bit of my own company， that he actually did the same thing himself。。

 And one of the things that I got into for Horsepolo， was I found a guy who had a horse ranch。。

 And by coincidence，， he was actually the father of court。， He loved the rock star，。

 who ended up moving in to Project Hollywood，， and management with my total coincidence。。

 He had a horse ranch。， I told him， hey， I'll build a website for you。

 if you hope you learn how to play a horse polo。， And he did。。

 And then that allowed me to create a horse polo club in Princeton，。

 where I was going to a boarding school。， And then I got to interact with all the people。

 that are in the golfingat culture。， I think a lot of it， though，， had to deal with just me using my。

 toy different background， my skills，， in that sense，， which was an computer science and programming。

， Because I used to do about websites ever since I was like 12。。

 And use it to get access to things that were in a horse ranch，， then understanding a culture，。

 and then using that to understand， the social aspects of that culture，。

 and then being friendly with the girls and guys， who really into that。。

 And then using that knowledge to understand， and relate to these people that were really affluent，。

 really successful。， So a lot of my mindsets and experiences。

 are kind of going down that kind of path， of trying to just get access to things。

 because I found that by having access to all these， various， unique things，。

 you go deeper and kind of have like the tools and mechanisms。。

 But I always believe that there's a way。， There's always an out-of-box solution，。

 no matter how much of a bind or how difficult you're in， in terms of a situation。。

 And I've always pushed myself to the limit， with the belief that there's always going to be。

 some kind of a safety net within myself that I could find。。

 I always found that I was always very resourceful。， And so for me， that resourcefulness has created。

 a lot of my actions to success in terms of like business， and my social life。。

 I think that a lot of it has to do with me， also trying to find myself people that have the same thing。

， When I think about you， Macaillard，， you're always very resourceful as well。， But more importantly。

， you're able to calibrate and relate to people， so when they're really stressed out。

 and they have difficult situations，， you're able to kind of understand them， empathize with them，。

 add some humor and spark some interest in the conversation。， All right。

 let's go into the third step。， All right， so what's， boom。， So as I mentioned with three steps，。

 you have the clarity of outcome that you use， to define the direction that you're going。。

 That's you seeing the top of the mountain，， saying， I really want to go there。。

 That looks like a cool journey。， Then you have your immunity circumstance，。

 which is when you encounter a rock or a boulder， and obstacle in your way，。

 you embrace that obstacle。， Not only do you not let it affect you，。

 but you actually take that obstacle， and leverage it in a way。。

 And this brings us kind of to the third step，， which is infinite gratitude。。

 This is such a silly step in a way，， because it's one of those things that you know，。

 you hear hippie say of like express gratitude，， but it's something that once mastered。

 has such a profound effect on the way， that you live your life。。

 And I use this technique I call it micro-graditude，， where in the morning， as I'm taking my shower。

 or say I'm driving somewhere，， I express gratitude for every single little thing， in your life。。

 So for example， I'm driving past some trees，， I'll try and express gratitude for every single leaf，。

 every single tree。， So that's like 10，000 little points of gratitude。。

 And what that does is it kind of helps fulfill， and refill you with the energy that you need。

 to maintain that immunity or circumstance，， because maintaining the immunity circumstance。

 requires quite a bit of effort and quite a bit of willpower to do。。

 It's not just something that I think we have， by default as human beings，。

 because it's very easy to have something happen， and set， you know，。

 how that set you off into a downward spiral。， I think we've all had days like that。。

 And you take that gratitude。， So wherever you are right now in your life，， as you're watching this，。

 maybe you are struggling to find your job，， but maybe you're in a nine to five。

 that you don't really enjoy。， Maybe you're working really hard to scale a business。

 that you're having a hard time scaling，， wherever you are， maybe with women you're struggling，。

 maybe you're struggling with your personal life，， your social life， maybe your family life，。

 take a moment and find one thing， that you're really， really grateful for。。

 And then breathe that energy in。， And， you know， not to get too esoteric here，。

 you kind of have to factor in that it's really kind of like insane， when you think about it。。

 The pure mathematics of the fact that we're here on this Earth，， I mean。

 think about it like we're on a rock， flying around this giant ball of fire，。

 this giant vision reaction，， and we happen to be at just the right distance。

 from that rock where it's warm enough to sustain life，， but not， you know， so hot to where it like，。

 you know， we become like KFC or KFP， Kentucky Fried People。， And at the same time，。

 we happen to have all the things on this rock that we need to live。， And then， you know。

 we happen to evolve in this way， to where we are now， where we have like hands，， and you know。

 we can see things， and hear things，， and experience things，， and even， you know。

 the probability of like，， like our parents meeting， and， you know，。

 having that experience and that fertilization process，， I mean。

 the mathematics behind our existence， are absolutely insane when you really take a moment to realize it。

， and that makes it a lot easier to go，， wow， I'm really， really grateful for， you know，。

 these stars that are in the sky，， because they're just laid out this certain way，， and I'm really。

 really grateful for just the fact， that I can move my hand， just literally when I say move my pinky。

， my pinky moves， I mean， that's so cool。， I know it sounds kind of like borderline，。

 kind of retarded， but I think it's such a cool thing，， because then， you know。

 when you have those obstacles， that come in your way， or those circumstances。

 that are going to try and throw you off，， so much easier to be immune to that，。

 because you know that the next step is going to be gratitude，， you know， if you get into， you know，。

 I got into a fender bender today，， and I actually didn't practice this，， as well as I could have。

 had I been， you know what，， that's okay， I'm blessed enough to have a car，， you know。

 and I'm blessed to be able to experience，， like I have a car to get re-rended in， you know，。

 it's such a insane thing， so，， it's not kind of， you know。

 the third step of my three-step philosophy，， it's， you know。

 really clearly defined where you want to go，， and develop that immunity to circumstance，。

 and from there， express the gratitude for every little thing，。

 because that's what's going to help the real you shine through， and help take you to the next level。

， Thanks， Mikael。， Yeah， I definitely coordinated everything to be in a way， where it was kind of。

 kind of like what I could do， as like an ultimate， like first course for students，。

 that I could have from the knowledge of top of my head， that I want to put together very。

 very quickly。， I mean， behind the scenes， we put the founders club together，。

 really together within one month，， and it was amazing， and now of course it's going to be developed。

 over time for additional， you know，， two or three months as we do more interviews，。

 and more content， we have live events and webinars。， And a lot of it was really easy，。

 because it was just basically the things that I think。

 that were really useful for me in my learning process for the game，。

 and not just in terms of like pick up，， but also in terms of business and my social life。。

 And I wanted to put together， because these are kind of the tools。

 that I wish I had when I first got into it。， And another thing is。

 I really also have a unique and different path， than a lot of other students。， You know。

 a lot of my views on life or some of the extreme。。

 So I wanted to have us also talk to a bunch of the people。

 who are actually in RSC nation in terms of those things。

 that I think are not typically talked about。， So in RSC。

 most of our content is about pick up and dating，， and sometimes we're going to mindset to what have you。

， But we very rarely go behind the scenes in RSC，， and especially involved with the business world。。

 So I wanted us to go deeper into that，， and I wasn't sure about what content，。

 because a lot of the people would say，， you know， there's a lot of guys out there。

 that are really more established in terms of business。。

 You guys are more established in terms of pick up。， Why do you want to learn business from you guys？

， And I was responding， and I said，， well， look， that's true。。

 There's a lot of guys who do understand a lot of different aspects of the business。。

 Maybe you're focused on entrepreneurship，， and that certain kind of entrepreneurship。， Like a niche。

 like internet marketing。， We always talk about how going deeper into a particular niche。

 allows you to kind of master that particular process， through like a rocket scientist，。

 as opposed to just like a general scientist。， And so， when you have that specialized sales kit，。

 we'll have more success， more income，， and also create this very unique thing。。

 You have to at the same time，， I think what's unique about what we're doing。。

 Because we're taking those guys that are really ingrained in the RSD beliefs。。

 We understand what the RSD curriculum is。， We're going to see what RSC nation members want。

 and what they have in top so far。， And taking those skills that they have learned，。

 and applying them into those things that we believe will help you get success。

 in that are aspects of life，， including your networking skills or social game，。

 your longer term relationships，， and applying those mindsets and skill sets to also the business world。

， I think a lot of my concern，， and originally in terms of talking about business，。

 came from the frame that I believe that，， although a lot of people should learn business，。

 I think one of the catchy kind of things，， kind of like six pack of abs for sale on the Home Improvement Channel。

， was the fact that so many people wanted to become an entrepreneur。。

 I think everyone should be an entrepreneur，， but to become an entrepreneur requires a lot of sacrifice and risk。

， Now myself， I've always been kind of like the Texas Hold'em Poker player。

 who goes all in and a lot。， And I'm willing to take those risks。

 because I'm willing to lose everything and build everything back up。。

 Now I usually don't have to do that。， If I'm doing a big bet，。

 it's because I have a lot of safety nets in play within our business。。

 There's always checks and balances。， There's always what we call accountability control systems。。

 You do a lot of that when you're building your social network，， your relationships。。

 A lot of I think relationships also end up becoming part of like a strategy，， like a chess game，。

 making sure you have the right people in place， so that you can have the kind of social life you want。

， getting rid of those people that are kind of taking you down。。

 Yet at the same time in business world，， a lot of people are not sure exactly what they really want to know。

， They want to know， oh， I want to create money。， I want to be rich， but how do you do that？。

 So what I wanted to do also was talk to RSC and Asian guys， just about the business part。。

 I kind of feel like I have an understanding of what people are looking for。

 in terms of like pick up and dating，， relationships and the minds are just from the RSC YouTube channels。

 that our RSC instructors have。， I was able to get four questions put together with your help。

 Mikail。， I thought that we could just kind of go through them one by one and get them answered。。

 The first question is，， I had this CEO within my company。。

 He said you talk about the value of your product first。

 and the value could give them and not talk about the price at all at first。， What do you think？。

 So that's an interesting statement。， I think， first off， there's some accuracy to the statement，。

 but I wouldn't start with the product。， I wouldn't start with the your R，， you know， the typical，。

 here's what we're going to give you。， Because it's so easy to start there。， I'm a huge tech guy。。

 I love UX。 I love the user experience。， I'm like， okay， well。

 how can I make the best product that I could possibly make？， I'm like obsessive。。

 I'm hyper-ocD with this stuff。， So I think it's really easy to get caught in that trap of。

 while I'm making the best product I can possibly make。。

 But let's take a step back here for a minute and， look at the people。， Because what are products？。

 Products are just things people use or， you know，， things people benefit from。。

 So what are the people that are involved with the experience of your product？， Well。

 like what are they like？， Like not only what are they like， but， you know，。

 what is the emotional experience？， What is the physical experience？。

 Like what are they actually experiencing when they're using your product？， Because， you know。

 I think what's interesting with that，， quote is like price was mentioned last。。

 We'll come back to that in a moment。， But， you know， even with the people，。

 I think most people would stop there。， I think the average marketer would kind of be like，， okay。

 well， I know that my people like chilote's，， and so I'm going to do a chilote stand。， Right？

 Kind of think。， And it's so easy to stop there。， But I always try and take it one step back。

 even from there。， And you go back from the people to the purpose。。

 Simon Sinek has this really great book called Start With Why。。

 And the quote is something that really resonates with me。， It's people don't buy what you do。。

 They buy why you do it。， So relating to that statement， well， now you've got this purpose。。

 Now you almost have this mythical drive behind why， you know，， maybe you're a standalone brand，。

 but even bigger behind why maybe you as a company， are doing the things that you're doing，。

 I think so few people define that for themselves， and for their business that it becomes this thing。

 where they're just kind of habitually making these products，， and they don't really know why，。

 and then like these products are all set in， like， don't sell，。

 and they can't figure out why they're not selling，， and they get caught in that little loop。

 because they're not really getting to the core。， They're not getting to the source of why they're doing the thing。

， and the first place。， So the relationship to that statement，， I'd say first， you know。

 take the two steps back， from the product。， Then once you've done that， now let's move forward，。

 and now we can move forward towards price。， And obviously， in this situation，。

 I think the big takeaway from the question is，， you know， you mentioned， like features and benefits。

 before you mentioned price。， And， you know， in all of the sales copy I've done，。

 I have a very interesting way that I bring up price， because one of the biggest sticking points。

 that people have in business is asking for money，， is saying， okay， how do I get paid？。

 I hear this all the time， and it's， well， okay，， I have this great thing， but， you know，。

 is it okay to ask people to pay me for it now？， And it's such a fine line， I think。

 for a lot of people，， and the way I do this is，， it's the what's it worth technique。， So， you know。

 let's just take， pick up as an example，， you know， what's it worth to never have to experience。

 that social anxiety again？， What's it worth to you to know that any woman you come across。

 is going to have an amazing interaction with you， and build attraction with you if you so want it to。

， And then you can introduce price， you go，， what's it worth to you？。

 How much is it worth to you to be able to experience that？， So now you're tying the quote unquote，。

 cost， I didn't know， of the product to the experience。， You're not tying it to the features。

 you're not tying it，， even to the benefits， you're tying it to that emotional response，。

 that emotional experience。， So， to kind of wrap that question up，， I do think it's accurate。， Yeah。

 you go， you break down all the benefits， and all of that， and then you introduce price。。

 But there's a bigger way。， Take those steps back， really hone in on why you're doing it，。

 really hone in on who you're doing it for，， really hone in on what it is，。

 and then really hone in on what is it actually worth to that person。。

 And that's how you get to that end point that you want to be out。， The next question is market data。

， Trump's product data every time， true or false。， One of the things that you learn when you're studying for。

 law school， for example，， is the difference between those things that are kind of definitive。

 versus those things that are not。， Because when you're in trial， there's always like，。

 it's undeniable evidence where，， or if it's like potentially like wrong，， and there's things like。

 well， this is really significant，， or this is the way it is。。

 It's like these little small changes of linguistics。

 is the difference between which right and wrong。， I myself personally haven't been a master to this stuff。

， so that's why I'm actually studying this stuff。， I've always been fascinated by law。

 because of the social graces and the preciselyist of language，。

 and I'm always working on improving that precision。， I hope to master that in the next few years。。

 You know， every time， let's kind of take that out。， Let's kind of rephrase this。

 because I think this will help， the person that's actually asking the most，。

 is market data and product data，， when should I use which and why？。

 So let's kind of address it from that standpoint，。

 because we're not going to have this measuring contest， between which data is better，。

 because it just kind of really doesn't work that way。， So market data is really。

 really great for certain things，， because market data gives you an overview，。

 and it lets you see from the sky，， it gives you that bird's eye view of what's going on in the world。

， or in that specific subset， in the specific market，， and lets you see trends，。

 and it really lets you see what pull you kind of want to jump into。。

 So if you're seeing a specific trend happening，， and you realize that could be an exciting trend，。

 if you've really done your market research correctly，， that could be an amazing opportunity。。

 And then product data is always a subset in a way of market data。。

 So market data kind of encompasses product data，， but product data is a lot more specific，。

 because what are products？， Products are just things that people within a given market use，。

 consume or utilize。， And from that standpoint，， you're going to get a lot more specific data points。

， Like， okay， well， we have， you know，， I see there's 13 major competitors in this niche，。

 and here are the top three，， and here are the things that seem to be working for them，。

 and here are the reasons why，， and here are the things that people really like，。

 as far as feature sets， as far as， you know， experiences，， as far as， you know， very。

 very specific concrete data points，， but then you're going to be able to use to leverage your product。

， if you want to be competitive， right， to be as good，， if not better。

 than everything else that currently exists within that market。。

 But it's so easy to get carried away with，， you know， let me look at the product data，。

 like let me optimize， optimize， optimize，， and miss the trend。， And this happens all the time，， and。

 you know， every industry you could possibly think of，。

 a great example is there's a book by Christian， Christian Sen，， I believe。

 called The Innovators Dilemma，， and it talks about the disruption of the microprocessor market，。

 and for the sake of brevity，， what happens is， you get so focused on making these little optimizations。

， so what happens is you have these big processors，， and people were trying to figure out，， okay。

 well， how can I make this processor， you know，， 10% better， and 30% better。

 and all the stuff that they completely missed，， the market trend that said， look。

 people want computers in their home。， They want to be able to take their computer and bring that computer with them。

， which means that the processors have to be way smaller and way lighter。。

 You can't have these big machines that take up an entire room，。

 and you had companies that completely missed that trend，。

 so all the optimization that they did within，， you know。

 their product researchers went completely to nothing。

 because they just got completely obliterated when these microprocessors， came out。

 so when it comes to the trade-off，， I think， you know。

 what I always look for is within a market data，， I look for entry and exit points，。

 or I look for the peak of the hill，， so a great example here is the viral social media kind of piecemeal media market。

， I think that is about to hit the hilltop pretty soon，， so that example is Snapchat， right？

 It's piecemeal media consumption and distribution。， Now， I think it's going to hit a hill。

 it might go up more from that，， but that's something where you go and you go，， okay， well。

 that's maybe not a market that I'm interested in， because I don't see there being a whole lot of innovation there happening。

， However， there could be an entry point to another market that's related。

 to piecemeal media consumption， such as， for example， really mastering video distribution。

 on a mobile device， which hasn't yet been mastered，。

 and that could be an entry point into a whole other market。， So I look for entry points。

 and then obviously an exit point，， a great example is when these scanner apps came out，， you know。

 how you can kind of just take your phone，， you can scan a document。

 a lot of the big printer companies， that also make scanners didn't really catch onto that。。

 They were still creating these scanning machines that， you know，。

 you take a piece of paper and you kind of put it flat down and you scan it，。

 and they didn't really realize that， well， people don't really want this big thing。

 in their home that just， you know， scans things。， It's not really， you know。

 we've moved on past that。， So that was an exit point where a new technology came in and disrupted the market。

， and now you have a new market with a whole new list of product research。

 that has to be done within that market。， Hopefully that kind of answers that question，。

 because I think that's a better angle to take，， rather than， you know， what Trump's what， you know，。

 and we're not doing like a political campaign here for what data is the best。， So， there you go。。

 Yeah， I know that Steve Jobs used to always talk about how he didn't really care about。

 what the market wanted。， He basically just created a subject that he think they really needed。。

 And it was more about his kind of understanding of the market。， Yet at the same time。

 you also look at things like our own products，， like Vegas Immersion or the bootcamp。。

 A lot of the ways that we refine these programs，， since we kind of also create these weird esoteric things out of thin air。

， and they're so esoteric that they require like 30 pages of sales letters，， plus constant videos。

 just understand what they are。， But we created these things and continuing to refine them，。

 not based upon what we thought for the market one。， We would create Vegas Immersion， for example。。

 We asked a lot of people， hey， what do you want from this program？。

 We're going to create a long-term living situation in Vegas。， A lot of people answered。。

 But it wasn't until we actually had several clients go through their program，。

 or you find it into this program into what it is now，。

 where the clients are loving it even more than they had in the past。， So。

 I do believe there's a lot of value in both approaches。， Let's go to the next question。。

 How do you build up an email list？， All right， so this is one that really hits kind of home。。

 And I kind of want to take this back to the first question，。

 because it's very easy to just dive in and say，， well， let me do this thing。。

 But the first question， we kind of talked about，， we kind of started on step three。， So。

 let's go back to why you want to build an email list in the first place。。

 What is it that this email list is going to let you do，， that you want to do。

 and really hone in on the why。， Now， we'll take just a kind of clear cut example here。。

 Let's say that the why is that this particular individual wants to have， their own lifestyle。

 but they want to have a business that is driven off of that email list。

 that then generates some revenue to be able to maintain a certain lifestyle， and not have to work。。

 So， I'll just kind of use that as the default example，， not really knowing。

 but kind of guessing that that's probably it。， So， okay， let's say that that's your why。， Well。

 great。， Now， let's take it a step further， and let's talk about the people。。

 Let's really talk about when that being your why，。

 who are the people that are actually on your email list？。

 Because it's so easy to get caught up in like，， okay， well。

 let me build an email list and then market it。， But we forget that people on the internet are still people。

 right？， Let's say， when you click something， you're still a human being。， Let's click something。。

 And we've all had this fear。， We all had this paranoia when we put our email list in somewhere。。

 We go， well， where is this really going， right？， Is this going to result in me like getting spam？。

 Is this going to completely backfire？， Am I actually going to get the thing that I want？， So。

 realize that there's actually people， and figure out what those people have going on inside their head。

， Then you take it to the step that we're at。， Okay， well， how do you build an email list？， Now。

 obviously， well， you need somewhere for people to put in their email。。

 I know that sounds kind of silly， but you'd be amazed people actually forget that step。。

 But not only that， you take the past that。， You give them something that they actually want and or need at that point in time。

， So， you know， great example， three quick shortcuts to get perfect abs。。

 Or the 10 things you can do right now in your business。

 that are going to completely revolutionize your results。。

 Whatever it is that someone is going to actually want，， you take that and you make that the reason。。

 Now， you can get really creative here。， You know， a lot of the app companies are getting very。

 very creative。， So I would look at that and look at what they're doing where you get like a bonus inside the site。

， When you do that， you can do that。， You really figure out， you take it from that。

 why you take it from that purpose， and then you get it to that point where people are putting it in。

， It's very， very clear that you're coming from your place of purpose。， Now。

 two things from here that I think a lot of people miss。。

 The first is where in this era where internet marketing is still coming into its own。。

 It's still this new kind of thing that some people have figured out。。

 It's actually really exciting because there's a lot of myths and misconceptions that come with that。

， But there's also a lot of room for experimentation and where so many people drop the ball。

 is what I call contact point marketing。， They're so concerned with the landing page and the conversions on the landing page。

 and the graphics and the headline that they completely forget about what happens after that。。

 So if you can do yourself a huge favor， if you want to answer this question for yourself，。

 focus on what happens after they've put the email in。， What's the first thing that happens？。

 We've all had this situation where we put our email list in。， Here you go。。

 Here's my seven steps to lifestyle mastery。， By the way。

 I also have this thing for $47 that you can buy。， And you're like， well great， okay。

 that sounds great。， And it's become such routine for people to do that， right？。

 Because internet marketing is like this cool new thing on how you can break out of the lifestyle。。

 But ask yourself this question， what would you want as a human being that puts their email list in？。

 What would you really want？， Would you just want to get the thing that you were promised？， Yeah。

 that's nice。 That's a good， that's good。， That's a neutral experience。 Like you go。

 you get a coffee。， But wouldn't it be great if you put your email list in。， And yeah。

 you got the thing you wanted。， But then you got something else。。

 You didn't even know you wanted that changed your life。， And then you became better because of it。。

 And then you got another thing。， And it just kept coming。。

 So that's the first thing that people really miss out on。。

 It's like we talk in Founders Club about lifetime value。， You're not just building an email list。。

 You're building an relationship。， This is something that's going to last over a course of time。。

 It's not just this contact point and then you're done and low。， Got you。 Thank you very much。。

 Now can you give me your money please？， You don't want to do that。。

 Because you're going to not be able to stand out。， Build that relationship。。

 The second where I think there's a lot of misconceptions is，。

 and this is probably the biggest thing。， And this is something that RSD does。。

 Is give away the very， very best stuff。， The best content that you have。， Take it and give it away。。

 Give it to people because this comes back to the purpose。， If the purpose is there。

 everything else should fall into place。， And it should be very， very clear what to do。。

 Take that very， very best stuff。， And let people see it。， Let people experience it。。

 Let people enjoy it。， Because that's what's going to build that list for you。。

 Because now there's a boy。， There's a reason for them to come。， Boy there is。。

 And then they come and they hop in and，， wow， they get more stuff。。

 And now they get excited and they share it with their friends。。

 And that's how you get viral marketing。， And that's how you build an email list。。

 And then that's how you have the permission， to market to that list later。。

 There's a book called Permission Marketing。， I highly recommend checking it out。。

 Because we don't want to be sold。， But boy， we really want to be empowered to buy。。

 So that's my answer to that question of how to build an email list。， Yeah。

 I found that building the value is definitely the most talked about thing。

 that we talked about with an RSD。， Secondly， I think a law of it has to do with building that relationship。

， Because I think like similar to what you were saying in terms of like guys chasing girls for sex，。

 the other thing that I've also found is having so many of my guy friends。

 that are single and successful being chased by women。。

 A lot of it is the flip side where there's so many girls that are going after these guys。

 because they have money。， And we talked about an RSD， you know。

 it's not about money and here's a pickup。， But at the same time。

 money gives you access to all sorts of things of value。。

 A lot of girls will chase guys who are really just having a lot of money。。

 And the guys won't be receptive to that。， Because they want to feel like they are liked for them as opposed to being liked for the money。

， And that's where it has to be like if the girl wants to seduce that guy，。

 she's going to have to make an emotional connection first。

 and have that connection turn into like some kind of emotional investment。。

 It's the same when you're chasing like a business deal with those guys who are way more successful than you。

， You got to connect with people。， You got to have that relationship。。

 For those of you who are trying to establish personal relationships with even mentors，。

 I think that's extremely important。， Let's go to the last question though。， The last question is。

 I'd like to learn some marketing techniques that you can use in game for higher results。。

 We talked a little bit about that earlier， but let's wrap it up with a little bit more from you。。

 Marketing in the game， I will convert every lead into a lay。， There's actually some cool stuff here。

， This is a very， very broad topic。， This is one that I think we can revisit as well in the future。。

 One is actually data。， This is actually something very。

 very many people in the game overlook because you'll try something。

 and you'll think you learned from it and then you'll go home and you kind of process it。。

 Then you go back out and it's like you try the same thing again to get a different result。。

 One of the big things with marketing is with every marketing campaign I do，。

 with every single piece of content I put out， I'm always trying to not just market。

 I'm trying to learn。， I'm trying to expand， I'm trying to improve。

 I'm trying to evolve the way that I exist。， Pick up is this really。

 really cool dynamic evolutionary experience that we go through。。

 Really look at what's actually working。， I think you have to have a very high level of awareness to do that。

， A lot of new to intermediate individuals that I see and pick up。

 they're looking for the wrong things。， They're looking for the outcome。

 they're looking for the result。， They're not looking at what is actually working because once you string together the things that are actually working。

， you get the result that you want it in the first place。， That's the first thing。

 The second is let's take a really common marketing concept of objection handling。。

 When it comes to selling somebody a product， what are you doing？。

 You're convincing someone to part with their money and give that to you。。

 That's actually a very powerful thing that you're doing。。

 What are the most common objections to that？， I don't have the money， I don't have the time。

 why now？， There's one that's often overlooked。 I just don't trust you。。

 I think a lot of people think， my funnel's right， I have all these things set up properly。。

 I'm such a great guy， I'm doing all the techniques。， You're missing this one key piece of。

 I just don't trust you。， What develops trust？， When we talked about empathy earlier。

 this is something that develops trust on such a high level。， At that point， you're not separated。

 When you're in true empathy， you are one with the other person。， If in marketing。

 I come across someone that really genuinely needs the product that I'm in the capability of delivering to them。

， it's like my duty to find a way for them to get that product。， If I was to tell you。

 you take where you are now and you take the growth that you've been experiencing over the last 10 years。

， and you take all that， you put it in a capsule， and you feed that to， let's say。

 your loved one or your child，， you take all that knowledge and you gift it to somebody else。， Now。

 how would you like it if I did that for you with all of my knowledge？。

 Because that's what this product is。， So now you're taking your experience， your unique angle。

 and you're partnering it on them。， And in pickup， you're doing the same thing because you might not realize this。

， but when you're out， you're marketing。， When you speak any word， you're marketing。

 When you step out your door， you are a brand， you're self-branded，。

 and women resonate with that in different ways depending on how you position yourself。。

 And the further that you take that， the better。， So a great example is， well， okay。

 let's say you're out with a girl， so you met her on Tinder，， and you could tell， deep down。

 she's like， I just don't trust this guy。， Well， what do you do？。

 Let's take a marketing approach at that。， If someone doesn't trust me to deliver them。

 the best product that could possibly deliver， is something that they actually need， well。

 have I listened？， Have I taken a time to figure out what they actually need？。

 Seek first to understand that then to be understood。， There's probably a good reason。。

 If a girl doesn't trust you， well， guess what？， She's up with hundreds of messages a day。

 If she's of any value， she gets hit with the stuff all the time。， So why should she trust you？。

 Have you taken the time to listen？ Do you even understand who she is？。

 Because if you can't understand your customer， you can't help your customer。， Absolutely true。

 So understand first。， Really， you almost have to trust them first。。

 And you have to seek to find where they're coming from， what their experience is，。

 what emotions they're going through in that point in time。。

 And then you take that and you make it evolve。， You find where it hurts and you actually heal it。。

 You find where it's beautiful and where they're having an amazing， and you amplify it。。

 And you take that and that's a marketing concept because when you experience a product that you love that excites you。

， that blows you away， that's an emotional response。， Like I have an iPhone here。

 We don't buy an iPhone because we want an iPhone。， We might not really， we don't want the thing。

 We want the emotional response。， You don't get a nice car because it's 500 horsepower。。

 You might tell yourself， you might logically justify it， but you get it for the feeling。。

 You get it for the emotional response that happens in that moment in time。， So that's kind of。

 you know， to use marketing， find a way to elicit those emotional responses in women and gay。。

 So a lot of stuff there。 A lot of things that can go deeper on too。， But I think。

 because it's such a deep topic， those are some good takeaways。。

 Is it really established the trust and find those emotions that are meant to be amplified and amplify them and heal the ones that are meant to be healed？

， So we are talking earlier kind of about， you know， the way that business functions。。

 And in general， the transition from learning maybe pickup or self development to learning business。。

 And how I think in many ways it feels like kind of a leap frog kind of effect。。

 But as we were having that conversation， I came to the realization。， And， you know， first off。

 I want to say thank you so much for having me as a part of RSD Founders Club because RSD is really in this unique place。

， Where it's not just a company。 And I'm even going to say the super cheesy thing。

 If it's not just a movement， it's an experience and it's a transformative life changing entity。。

 It's almost like a rock band that exists that just blows people away。 I mean。

 we do these events all around the world。 It's global。， Which， you know。

 if you want to talk like logistics， that alone， I think。

 is an entire different topic we could dig into。， Of the logistics that actually have to make that happen。

 I mean， we're just time zones and everything else。。

 But the coolest thing about it is it's not just a company。

 It's something that like resonates on such a human level。

 on such an individualistic level with people， with the human experience。。

 It really goes through and it cuts away all of the fluff。 And even with our marketing， we do that。。

 And so it's so cool to be a part of something like this because not only are you re-transforming individuals。

， Hopefully， from you watching this， you've been transformed in one way or another。 Hopefully many。。

 Because that's the best thing that I can give you。

 But even better is to find a way to empower you as the viewer to transform yourself and those around you as well。

， Because that's the way that we transform society。 And as cliche as that may sound。

 that's the way that we transform the world。， Because as I mentioned before， the clarity of outcome。

 we have to define that for ourselves as human beings。， And we're not alone in this。

 We're part of this bigger ecosystem。 And so， again， I'm so excited and so grateful， Nick。

 for you having me do this interview because it's such， I think。

 an integral part of where the world is going。， And it's an amazing experience and an amazing opportunity。

 And I'm massively， massively grateful for that。 And I think with RSC Founders Club。

 there's a lot of potential to change the transform and to evolve and really hit those things that are happening。

， Like if we're talking about market data， the world is moving in this direction。

 And we're really kind of the force behind the wave in a big way。 So it's really。

 really cool to be a part of that。。