# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：04.创业精神_04. Entrepreneurship​​--十大赠品微信156066050

我與鴻戀區三一大集合在時間鴻戀系界，不只因為他們還是一粒息，但比起其實千萬車先生不會拆解鴻戀，但在現實上會在時間鴻戀化的角色，如何可以互相做好的事情，在時候設計是必排如何鴻戀凝 難知。

如果我分享殆戀凝世界，尤其是為其容成功的，而是すご腳實力 絶対做實力 Brendon，但是 trying to grow that。

 trying to take that to the next level， and that spirit of innovation。

 if you could take that into your business life， you could also take it into your social life。

 and that creativity to try to take things next level。

 is kind of like the innovation that we have with an RSD。

 and it's also the thing that allows us to grow， Now as an entrepreneur in terms of business。

 I've had to really recreate our company， recreate our brand and reduce it all the time。

 I'm always thinking about ways to even recreate my entire，薄熊在哪里，向他太客气，然后又把其他人，这么裹没处理，传统，传统，肯定，进晚。

我很请示杂，向我，一起打成一场，疫学，改正， fantastic，我觉得，大家拍照，是该株，不同黑，人，都要抓住，藏鱼，如常，那很多女性，很适合。

 Law that are people think simplicity in life， and actually trying to simplify my life more。

 is a good safety net， at the same time that creative innovation。

 that always thinking outside the box， is a very necessary skill to have when you're in pickup。。

 When you're picking up a girl，， there's always things that come out of left field，， challenges。

 whether it's the group dynamic， or her friends are pulling her away。

 and you're just mean the girl for the first time。， And you just need to think on your feet。

 the same thing happens in business all the time。， At a left field every day，， I get a sit rep。

 a situation report。， It's kind of like malled after what you have in the military。

 because so many people in our company， come from the military background。。

 And I respect that because these are people， that could follow up and be dependable。。

 I have to get all these crazy reports， on things that come out of left field， that are very。

 very urgent， so I could answer those things all the time。， And the way I survive， massive amounts，。

 almost every day of roadblocks， challenges， and things thrown at me to run a global company。。

 I have that huster mentality。， I know that in order to stay on top of this，， I have to work hard。

 I have to hustle。， I've always done that for studying for academics， for my social life。

 for my career and pushing forward。， Because no matter how much you are suffering，。

 no matter how much pain you're pushing forward，， you know you gotta make some money，。

 you gotta help livelihoods to your people，， you gotta take care of people。。

 Among all this mentality also probably has come， from my deep belief system。

 that those people that hustle harder， are people I will respect more。。

 So many people think the easy way out， is the way to go。， And they'll try to watch movies。

 where someone makes an easy money in， or watch the magic pill。， And I did an interview with a guy。

 who was raining in a side show，， like a sequel to the secret。， He actually was one of the producers。

 of the movie， The Secret。， And he was cringing another sequel，， but kind of like the secret，。

 the movie where he's talking about the law of attraction。。

 But the next level that he thought was about， what is the magic pill？。

 Because almost when many people chase that，， I believe the real magic pill is you。。

 When you're having a husband mentality，， the magic pill is you working hard。。

 Because the magic pill isn't really an easy pill。， The magic pill is just you managing your life，。

 your social life， your business life，， and being the man， being the boss，。

 and pushing forward and working it。， I always love the analogy of being the CEO of your own life。。

 In fact， I used to do a summit speech， back at the RSC World Summit。， In Las Vegas。。

 And I talked about how I viewed my day in life，， like my social life， like I built my company。。

 You have different kind of divisions of people，， finance， sales， marketing，， HRIT instructors。

 and assistants。， Same thing on my social life。， I've been with my close friend， my family，。

 I have the VIP host， the promoters， the connectors，。

 the people who are just the downer of people that I trust，。

 and the people who are just interested in， random common interests and hobbies they have。。

 And I kind of just organized it where I had follow-up systems， and what have you know。

 I was always learning。， I was always learning more。， And I still am。， Right now。

 I'm even in school now。， I'm running a global company，， but I'm still right now studying。。

 I'm planning to take more business classes， and form educational and university，。

 and I'm also doing that right now in terms of law。， In fact， I'm still a hardcore into studying。

 that when I was in business school，， I would travel to Australia and program，。

 fly back for classes Tuesday to Thursday，， and fly back to Australia。， Now。

 in a situation where I'm living in Las Vegas，， I have classes where I'm taking law classes at Harvard。

， getting a degree and then a graduate degree。， And I'm literally flying from Las Vegas to Harvard。

 just to go to classes and nice，， gonna be doing this for many years。

 because I'm so obsessed with learning， because it's sharpened to the salt。。

 Sharper in your edge allows you to stay on top of your things。。

 You're not just gonna stay like rusty guy。， And even just talking about all these things。

 reminds me about how important this is。， I think that entrepreneurs or people who are entrepreneurial。

 will also not just focus on one aspect of your life。， There's always been three aspects of life。

 I think that are really important，， which is your business， family， and personal life。， In fact。

 I had a mastermind group， within the entrepreneurs organization，。

 and board of advisors that I met with， of 10 to 12 people every single month，。

 and we would spend all day just sharing， ideas about business， family， and personal life。。

 We would talk about the issues that would come， at my company， how to solve them。。

 We would talk about how my relationship， was going with my business partner。

 or new marketing campaigns I want to run。， In my family life， I talk about my relationship。

 with my wife， my parents， my brother。， My personal life， I talk about my hobbies。。

 I talk about my goals in terms of my personal goals。。

 And I'd also talk about some of the interesting， like new ideas I had in terms of parties。

 and cool events I wanted to have。， However， what I would always do when I met up。

 with these people was organize a presentation，， because one of the most important things。

 to have a single or a focus one at a time。， So I would always choose， and each of us would choose，。

 because we'd kind of be advisors，， not just for me， but for each other。， One topic。

 one presentation that I would prepare。， I chose one person in the group to be my coach，。

 where we met up earlier， we would share ideas，， and we would kind of talk about all the potential issues。

， And then we would break down how to run these issues， from a very， very standard process。。

 The first thing I would do，， and I recommend this process to anyone。

 who wants to have a match in my group，， better just for social purposes or for business purposes，。

 because a lot of people want to count and build a group。

 and do a new creature realm with even just 10 trusted friends。， The first thing I do is I present。

 about a very important issue to me。， It might be an issue like，， hey。

 I don't know how to create a new financial accounting system，。

 and I wanted to talk to you about what I've done so far。， And then when I would go around the room。

 and use this foster first degree，， his name was Gestalt，。

 and he created this theory that a lot of people，， especially people that are very alpha male，。

 people that are very powerful，， like a lot of entrepreneurs and CEOs are，。

 especially successful ones。， They don't want to be told what to do or what to say，。

 and what to think。， And I found that coaching through the Gestalt method，。

 which is talking about personal experience，， is a great way to avoid that。。

 So as opposed to if I was talking about saying，， how to improve my dating life。。

 And instead of saying， you should do this with your girl，， you should do this and that。， Well。

 when I say， well， in my dating life，， I'm getting a loss of assess from doing XYZ。。

 I noticed that my friends have getting a loss of assess， from doing this， and when they do this。

 it fails。， And they would just go around the room sharing these ideas，。

 so you could learn from those lessons。， And you'll be surprised about how many people。

 have almost the exact same lessons，， even if they're not on your level in terms of business，。

 or if they're not on your level， in terms of how big your social circle is。。

 Everyone always has ideas。， You see these surround yourself with smart people，。

 and then find common lines，， because you could always have some kind of common line。

 of interest with almost everyone， and anyone that you meet。。

 So many people will try to meet those people， that are voice-assessful，。

 and they won't understand why these successful people， are hanging out with a lot of common guys。

 that are not as successful。， Like a lot of rock stars will have an entourage， just your homeboys。

 or voice-assessful，， millionaire and billionaire entrepreneurs，， and CEOs。

 and bosses will hang out with people， that are just there to chill，。

 but they found common lines of interest。， And these are people that have probably just as much。

 to share， and they're some，， that these are smart people，。

 and this is successful people that you wanna hang out with，， they'll hang out with people，。

 and a lot of success is coming from the people， that they hang out with，。

 because these people have a lot to offer。， So you should try to find out what that is，。

 and their funny thing is that if you get really deep， in there with those people，。

 you're more likely to get involved with those people， that are really successful。

 the people that they're with，， but never lose track of your core group。。

 If you're developing this social circle，， trying to get only friends that are highly successful，。

 you're not going to grow， you always want to grow。。

 You want to develop a very strong core group of friends，， but never forget those people。

 that are just your long-term loyal friends，， because that's gonna be way more valuable。

 than people that may have had more success in money，， or may have more success in your social life。。

 Those things come and go， they're fickle。， I've rapidly seen my wealth disappear。

 my wealth accelerate，， the same thing goes my social life，， and the same thing will happen to you。。

 You'll be surprised about how easily this happens，。

 and the true value is sticking with those people，， you know， we're gonna stick through with you，。

 the toughest of times， and that is where the true value is， in terms of entrepreneurship。。

 Having that safety net is always gonna come， from those people， and not from the fickle success。

 that you may or may not gain。。