# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：06.如何与女孩正确使用金钱_06. How to Properly Use Money with Girls​​--十大赠品微信156066050

很多人有 been following this movement of how to pick up girls in our industry。

 and what we teach for so long。， And you might have heard a lot of people talk about how far they could go without using money to pick up girls。

， So much so that there was some weird guy who was out there who was literally using the pick up line。

， and he would say， hey， give me $20， and then girls would give it to him， and he would be like，， ah。

 ah， this is so funny when the truth is he was actually just carrying the girl。。

 Because a lot of guys were coming up with trying to figure out a way where most of us were poor，。

 and were trying to figure out ways where he could try to use that situation into the humor。。

 Some people were having girls walk up to them， and they would say， hey， could you get me a drink？。

 And the guy would say， what， I'm not an ATM machine。 I need some love first。， You know。

 and then they would like to make a joke about it。， On the other hand。

 there is ways of properly using money with girls。， I mean。

 some girls that you date might not even have， you know。

 a cell phone that is like a legit cell phone。， Might be like an old cell phone in the 1990s that you're like a beautiful girl。

， But they can't even stay in touch。 They might even have a laptop computer。。

 So they can't even send out e-mails。， Um， and that's situations where， um。

 I was dating a girl and she didn't have either one。， And for her birthday， I got her a phone。

 And for a Christmas present， I got her a laptop。， And as a result。

 it helped contribute to the relationship。， I think anything that does contribute to the relationship and can help。

， I think it's totally cool。 As long as you're doing it from a place where you are not coming across like you're doing it to get something out of that other person。

， And then food and drinks is also another given。， When you invite girls out。

 most of the time they'll expect that you're going to pay for food and drinks。。

 And although we're in a society where oftentimes girls will volunteer and want to go Dutch，。

 just because there's so many feminists and people that have these new beliefs。

 it's often given that many girls just can't afford it。。

 And you don't want to have a situation where you're going to go out with you。。

 They need to have some money to financially support the idea of going out with you。。

 The other thing is I use money for a lot of my day in life because I like personally。。

 Because I mean a lot of the people don't like doing this。。

 I like going out to luxury stalls at the fancy hotels。

 I like going out to the fancy shows in Las Vegas and around the world。。

 I love high quality entertainment sometimes going to weird forms entertainment。。

 Like I'll go to cities just to experience like a video game concert where concert orchestra would be playing music from poppy video games。

 the video games in the background。， I like taking girls to my unique interests because I feel like I have more fun and then you'll have more fun。

， And you'll also probably enjoy a lot of the same interests if I'm dating her as well。。

 I also use money to gain access to the VIP。， I'll find cheaper ways of doing so than most people because I like the good deal。

， For example， I know that instead of paying $10，000 for a ticket to go to the Grammys，。

 I could go last minute on craigslist。com and get $5 a dollar tickets for tickets right into floor next to Eminem。

， And I'll look for ways to get access to those other excuse events， movie premieres。

 red carpet events， special elite social clubs and what have you。。

 And figure out friends and people that have access to it。

 help them out when they can and see if they can give me access to those things that you can't get access to unless you really know people。

， I know that having been in Los Angeles and doing this for almost a decade of building a social circle。

， I've befriended people who I consider Beverly Hills royalty。。

 So when I'm in Los Angeles every week， maybe two to three times a week。

 all invited to events full of celebrities and beautiful people，。

 just because I built that social circle that access to the VIP。。

 Money also will help you allow an audience situation where you might be able to travel with her。

 travel with those girls that you want to really spend time with and get deeper with。。

 And traveling together will usually lead to very deep rapport， lots of romance。。

 And most of the time contribute to really sign sex life。。

 I think that especially if you're going into like fun exotic places and you have a great time。

 it's great。， I also think that you'll explore new adventures。

 new cultures and it'll help your girl open up her eyes。。

 And those shared experiences moving them place to place are really， really valuable。。

 You just feel like you know each other for a lot longer time than reality。。

 It even is because those unique things that you're doing with each other is there。， I mean。

 I went on a tour with my wife。， I took her to 70 countries and I personally have been to over 110 now。

， And I think that the travel experience will help just a bond。， I also do like using viator。

com and a tour service experience to try to find those unique things in those cities。

 like going to Italy and doing a photography tour。， Or going to the Grand Canyon。

 but doing a helicopter tour through the canyon。， Or trying to do fun， even local events。。

 Because you can do things like that in almost every major。

 much potency of the world that could even do in tour of your own city。。

 Even if I was living in Boston， I was doing tours of the historical landmarks and things like that just to learn together。

， Because I'm always excited by the opportunity to learn more。。

 And so this learning to an experience is what I care about the most。。

 Because experiences I think are those things that are most important。， And pictures。

 it's always going to be pictures of me and other people， 99% of the time。， And doing activities。

 doing experiences that I'll remember。， Because those are the things that I believe that people will care about the most when you're on your deathbed。

， And those are the things I care about the most， even while I'm alive now。。

 Using services like Groupon and other websites to find wine， food， festivals。

 or other kinds of fun activities outside the realm of the mundane，。

 I have found it would be really important for my social circle and social life。。

 There's things like Las Vegas， or Los Angeles， or all sorts of cities around the world that are called Escape Room。

， Which are kind of like in a movie Saw， where you're in a puzzle room。

 and you're trying to discover how to escape the room。。

 And there's clues you have to find to unlock the door that you're trying to escape out of the room。。

 There might be badass， ex games kind of things like AV Racing or Doombuggies。。

 And you don't have to travel outside your city many times to experience these things。。

 There's usually subcultures of people that are organizing unusual things。

 everything from street races to athletic games， to stargazing clubs， to going camping and hiking。。

 I think shared athletics is very useful。， For me， going golfing with my friends at beautiful environments on the beach and country clubs and what have you has been something that's been really awesome。

， It's 2016 right now， and I've been playing golf for about a year。

 but I've played almost a thousand hours of golf just from that time。。

 Just because I really enjoyed doing it as a social activity with my friends。

 to get people really out there inactive， and I believe it's a free experience。。

 I think that the way I look at the world and the world。

 I feel like when you're out there exercising， when you're doing a sport。

 that athletic activity frees your mind， because it's mental focused。。

 That's also why I love so much running when I was on tour， I used to run for hours。

 like one to four hours。， Literally every day， just until I get that freeing sensation of being outside and seeing the world for what it is。

， I also use money for the gifts of holidays， but also just little gifts to celebrate random moments。

 whether it's an achievement。， I would say that she's a college student and she's got a great。

 I might send her flowers， or I don't know how to get a cute note。。

 It's a cool way of using your money and your resources。 I think you need to develop yourself。

 your own style， first and foremost。， If you want to talk about how to really use money to get girls。

 develop your own fashion， your style， invest the money into your own education so you can be smarter。

 sharper， and on the ball。， Develop an educational course。

 give you the skills that you need so you can pick up girls， develop， invest in your physique。

 your health and fitness， your mental fogas， pay for your gym membership。

 pay for those activities to give you first and foremost that solid base。。

 If you want to attract the girls and you want to have the money to give it to them， get the girls。

 first you need to get yourself to a position where you're on top of your own self-game。。

 You have the internal belief systems， you have the resources you need to accomplish your goals。

 and being able to help yourself first and foremost before you can help other people is the basic premise。

。