# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：03.如何在人际关系中成为动力_03. How to be a Powerhouse in a Relationship​​--十大赠品微信156066050

在你的生活中，我 think it's really important to be that powerhouse， that rock， that alpha。

 Yet at the same time， a relationship is called a relationship for the purpose that you guys are also equal。

 you guys are sharing values or sharing connections， and you're relating to each other。

 empathizing with each other， and trying to get in the same page with each other。

 So if you want to be the guy who is that alpha guy， I think in terms of a relationship。

 it's not necessarily being the alpha male in a sense of being that dominant guy。

 but more about being a role model， what you want to see happen in your relationship。

 you should exude that， the guy who's there to be supportive， to be the leader。

 to be somebody who is guiding the values and the goals of that relationship。

 and clarifying that you want to be there， you want to care。

 you want to know I could be a part of it， so many people will kind of treat your relationship as like a side show。

 those have a relationship just so that they can either just have sex。

 or they can either just have a partner to go out and do things with。

 which can do that with just your friends， if you don't want to have like a meaningful deep connection in relationship。

 if you want to be the role model， you want to really push things。

 you want to establish queer expectations， queer TV expectations always allows you to avoid social violations。

 and what I mean by that is that when you clarify what you will when on heart and relationship。

 what you want in relationship， and you clarify those things that will cause damaged relationship。

 you can avoid a lot of violations， expectations， you should do that early on in relationship。

 a lot of people will try to do that for monogamous relationships or relationships that are more open。

 and if they do that， it will likely to avoid a lot of hurt feelings that could come from it。

 but you have to be in a situation where you have those similar values。

 one of the things that I have done in order to establish a lot of。

 a lot of clarity is that I developed really strong key performance indicators。

 metrics to track in my personal relationship， in my relationship， those things would be， you know。

 everything from how often we're having sex， to personal goals we have together in terms of learning。

 in terms of， accomplishing our goals in terms of hanging out with friends。

 and just tracking these things with my girlfriend and then who eventually turned into my wife。

 I think that doing this is a very healthy thing， especially， for me， it would help me a lot。

 I think that the reason why though I have this standpoint， to look at numbers。

 looking at the metrics is because I do it all the time in business。

 so it's very natural for me to do this but having this conversation in a natural way。

 where it's not a story on numbers because the way I was doing it was basically looking at。

 literally reports and excel sheets， it's probably just as valuable if not even more valuable than the way I was doing it。

 because I actually don't do that anymore。 It's a process that I developed and I evolved into。

 a more normal conversation。 Also having just regular meals。

 I think that's why family meals are so important for family members when you have， kids。

 their parents always want you to have that in relationships。

 when you're in a deep relationship with your partner you want to have that same thing。

 and it helps with trust building， it helps with a lot of people to know that。

 you care about them and that you care about their day。 So people split apart。

 because it seems like they live separate lives。 They don't even have that meal together。。

 As a result they might just like see each other when they go to bed。， I think it's really sad。

 I've seen couples that have been with each other since childhood。

 and then one of the two partners they just stopped caring about the other person。

 is going to pick up spree， or it's going out there picking up girls。

 That's because a lot of the things， like establishing that trust， expectations，。

 to regular routine with each other and making it fun， just disappeared。

 I think that you need to also make sure， that you're always sharing your strengths。

 Know what your strengths are， and use them to build your relationship stronger。。

 Know that every relationship requires a lot of work and even if it seems easy。

 there's always a lot more work to do and it's tough。 It's really， really hard。。

 You've got to put in a work， you've got to put in an effort because when you have。

 all these other things in your life， usually will sometimes forget about how important。

 that relationship is， how the other person really cares about you and loves you。

 and you need to really get on top of that。， A lot of people won't really say to things that need to be said。

， Do things that need to be said to make sure the relationship shares are strong。

 especially when they argue they don't have a process to communicate in a respectful way。。

 It shows that they're able to deal with the high emotions and high risks that are involved。

 when you're doing it improperly。， So express your emotions and thoughts always when you're with your other partner。

 in a relationship。 Now when you're dating and you're kind of like getting deeper，。

 if you don't do that with a woman， she's not going to know your thoughts，。

 she's not going to know your emotions， she's not going to know who you are，。

 she's going to lose interest。 So you have to do that， especially when the topics。

 are about your relationship or your views about other people's relationships。。

 They're very curious about these things。， And I've got to let your thoughts be known to that other party or else。

 you're not really in a relationship， you're really just more in a friendship。。

 A friendship that's more stoic and kind of getting more and more distant。。

 I think also not just by sharing your ideas and thoughts，， a lot of it has come with action。。

 Showing that you care about the other person， showing that you're interested in helping her。。

 Whether you're like spending your time helping her in her goals，。

 whether it's in your work life if you can， if not in her personal life，。

 just going out there and taking part， even if it's in the little things，。

 like the errands or little things like that。， Now in my situation。

 I'm showing people that work for me if I'm not really doing errands。。

 I'm actually hiring people to do errands。 But even that，。

 even just shows that I'm interested in helping out。。

 But the bigger part of things is focusing on a regular romance routine。， Going on a regular basis。

 having a very strong sex life，， having a very strong romance life is extremely important。

 keeping it spicy。， A lot of people don't know exactly how to do that。。

 You could always have romantic music playing in the background。， You could have， you know。

 adding massage， adding intimate touch， delaying it，， adding more kissing。。

 A lot of people will just get down to going in， going out and embalcing。。

 And then that is a typical kind of like thing that happens when guys are doing regular pickups。。

 Adding to touch， adding to time， talking， having sex at the same time，。

 having time before and after to relax， chill with each other，。

 and then go deeper in your conversation，， sharing your thoughts， emotions， goals。

 and what have you when you're after that exesity of sex。， And then。

 it's a matter of what is intimacy and what it is all about。。

 Sometimes my wife and I will go to a fireplace and we'll put out some cafe，。

 and we'll show you how a feeling we're on in the beach and we're just in our bedroom。。

 Other times we'll bring in wine and make cheese， and cheese， and so on。。

 Have sex in interesting places， whether it's in like a spa or whether it's a place that。

 would be semi-considered public， like over on a villa or looking at the beach in the ocean，。

 adding a little vacations and a regular basis。， I go into places that remind us of happy memories。

 having a common happy spot，， a happy place that you could travel to regularly。。

 All these things are usually forgotten。， Some of these things are car law time， car's resources，。

 but I mean relationships are difficult just for that particular reason。。

 I think by having a lifestyle that is full of other couples to match you mind with，。

 and I don't even get certain massmen， what is hanging out with other couples as friends，。

 and putting a soul shirt with other couples also helps a lot。。

 You'll see and be able to compare your relationship to theirs and also learn from theirs。。

 And then if you're in a situation where you're doing a lot more than the other relationships，。

 it's going to make you looking even better to your significant other。。

 You really look like that powerhouse because you're doing so much more than the other people around you in your peer group。

， That's kind of like what I'm talking about earlier about being the role model。。

 And I think that's really important to do that， whether you're in your business。

 social or day and life。， I keep ramping that up because so much of this is intermingled and co-mingled with each other。

， and so much of these ideas relate to each other。。

 And if you can be a powerhouse in a relationship with your significant other，。

 and you have that success there， I remember hearing some very。

 very successful businessman saying that when they meet people，。

 or decide whether they want you business with that person or not，。

 they will see how healthy their relationship is between that man and his wife or that man with his girlfriend。

， Because that tells you a lot about a person， because when you're with that person that you love and you care most。

， how you treat that person， how you develop that relationship。

 we'll see a lot about how you'll do business，， how you interact with your friends。

 how you interact with your social life。， So remember that when you're developing that relationship that you think that is going to be that kind of relationship。

 that might develop into something stronger， that's significant other that partner。。

 And remember how that reflects upon you， and also make sure that if you really do care about it and you watch away last。

， these are the things that are very important。。