# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：13.口碑和游击队营销_13. Word of Mouth & Guerilla Marketing​​--十大赠品微信156066050

RSD program是函自己起床的，你是最高土地制节的， startups，认识者西aras，或者是 finder，我是最惊喜，觉得很多人， unserer鹵堂没有，而且是一本意，布网会还能。

 Polish 和，像重复，顺利ings，当时两年，IL is，蓝斗，萝卜， chmal，我们第一次，对哪梗，在，影响，一定，在，线材，中国，我们的，但，性数，由，影响， Medized，刘，鲶未。

再來看這麼く自信所有的情況，還 olhar their numbers，反對翌日，我們感受到，我們刻意，總深有提有了什麼，很有地理的，香港的想法，使我們做到公共的潔星， hearts are vast。

我們作战，由一度，像現在，說八 specifics，來自首次，有另外時間，我很著急，過去，我會帶派，星尔，期填，無相同ite，都是，一、前幾年，也さい。

那一刻在Pace by literally typed up， every single email address from a phone directory。

 I got from doing a tour of their company， and emailed every single person。

 that worked under a company from around the world， to try to get three interviews which I got。。

 Same thing happened here when we were doing discussion boards， to try to get clients。。

 We'd call people after getting their email， we'd get their phone number。

 and then I would talk to them on the phone， and I would pass the phone to tower。

 he'd share some stories and some tactics。， I'd get them on the phone。

 and talk to them about how we should meet up， maybe at Starbucks or for dinner。。

 Then when they show up at Starbucks for dinner， they might meet up with a dozen other people。

 that I did the exact same thing to you。， I mean give a presentation。。

 The idea though of having that social setting，， that social environment， just being a friend。

 was actually the basic premise， because even if they didn't want to buy anything。

 we were still willing to hang out with them， at that dinner or even go out with them later。。

 But after we got to people to the Starbucks， or to a restaurant for dinner，。

 everyone at the time was there just to hang out。， We didn't necessarily know each other。。

 We started organizing free presentations。， At the time we were just sharing field reports。

 and the basic tactics that we knew。， This was even before RSD was even a company。。

 And we shared such interesting stories， because what we were doing was so innovative。

 and so creative and so outside the box。， And people were just loving it。， However。

 we were traveling from city to city， and we were in massive amounts of credit card debt。。

 So much so that we're even using some financial aid， from university loans。

 just to cover some of our costs of travel。， And as a result， we need to organize。

 some kind of a formal program。， So we said to people，。

 hey if you guys give us $600 from this presentation， we will actually organize for you。

 a personalized curriculum to go pick up girls with us。。

 Just show up at this exact same Starbucks or dinner restaurant， at a particular time and place。。

 And surprisingly enough for us，， when we first got started but not so surprising later，。

 90% of the people who showed up to these dinners were like，， yeah， here's your money。。

 And it was so surprising that so many of these people， gave us money for this program。

 that it almost immediately turned into a viable business。， You know。

 one of the things we had going for us back in the day， though was that there was these，。

 in every city in the world，， there was these unusual fraternities，， seduction layers。

 it was what they were called，， dedicated to picking up girls。， It was everywhere。

 thousands of people in cities， around the world and hidden organizations dedicated。

 to picking up girls。， There was no one teaching them，， there was no one guiding them。。

 There were just organized chapters around the world。

 until what we did was you actually went to these places。

 and we talked to them about how to pick up girls。， And we told them that look。

 we actually have a program， and no one else had a program at the time。。

 We took them out during the day to pick up girls， and we took them out during the night to pick up girls。

 and gave them feedback on what they were doing right， and wrong at the end of the night。

 by doing demonstrations throughout the day。， And what happened， we also saw massive improvements。

 throughout the day。， It was amazing。， Nowadays we have RSC Interstricle chapters。

 and Facebook groups。， The cool thing is now we're leveraging。

 already existing technologies to reach larger audiences， that have a similar kind of effect，。

 just that now there's RSD。， Now we have organized structure for pretty much。

 people everywhere and every possible kind， of dating or pick up situation。

 and we're using social media marketing， in terms of creating that simple internal structure。

 and also sharing our message and our brand or image， through this。。

 Now in terms of word-of-mouth marketing，， there's nothing better because then you have a group。

 of friends sharing with their friends， videos， tactics，， ideas， articles。

 and as a community sharing their successes， and we're able to wash that as well and know what's working。

 and it also helps us refine our message， and actually has a huge influence。

 on our product development and our programs。， For those people that were really active，。

 they also might have attendance in parties， because I've even used it to organize events。。

 I've from parties in New York City， rented boats in Sydney and London。

 and I've had all sorts of dinner parties， in Amsterdam and other cities，。

 just with people from these organizations， and then people who are volunteering in these organizations。

， in these RSC Interstricle chapter Facebook groups， who actually do it themselves as well。

 for your local membership，， it's because it's fun。， But at the same time， they're helping us。

 by getting people involved with our movement，， involve it with what we're doing。。

 I've even gone so far as even to try to create， video game accounts where my username was rsdco。com。

 or rsynation。com。， And I was hoping that people would sign up for program。

 and actually we've gotten a few people who signed up， for our programs because of that，。

 just by having my OAS out there， and being a great video game player。。

 Because ever since I was a little kid，， I've beaten hundreds of video games。。

 I was so into video games as a kid， that I had to tune in tendos so that my brother。

 and I could play at the same time in the same room。， On the other hand， the cheapest way to do。

 grill-as-so marketing has for us， always been email marketing， because when the very beginning。

 just staying in repeat contact with people via email， still is one of the most valuable ways。

 to communicate with clients。， We could literally do entire launches。

 of marketing campaigns and world tours，， just off sending emails to people。。

 I used to go to conferences called， the Info Marketing Superconferences。

 where there's a guy named Dan Candy， who used to talk about how he viewed his email this。

 like Fort Knox and inside there was a bunch of gold。。

 And he would literally just cash in every now and then， on some of that gold。。

 And if you have loyal fans， that's exactly what it is。， On the other hand。

 if you just have a spam list， of people that aren't interested in your product，。

 it's completely worthless and it's worse， because then it will actually hurt your reputation。

 and you're just wasting your time， and also you're wasting your money in resources。， However。

 sharing success stories， with people who try to progress in service， in our situation or students，。

 having them share it online with their friends， is by far the most powerful。

 word of mouth grill-as-marketing tactic out there。， Because when you have raving fans。

 from having gone through an awesome， and amazing， successful program。

 that has transferred those skills to them， and they show off their fancy skills to their friends。

 and their friends are like， whoa，， I wanna see that， that's cool。， You have the same time。

 the other thing that we've done， is we've also empowered our clients to volunteer for us。。

 They've become ambassadors。， Clients have become successful students。

 and they volunteered to help organize gatherings for us， or just to get friends to come。

 and maybe they'll even work their front door， or work the registration tables。。

 It's because they believe in what our mission is。， More than anything else。

 the people who attend RSD programs， and are attending again and again and again。

 are doing so because they're learning a lot。， They're getting empowered。。

 And I think that is the most powerful word of mouth。

 and marketing that you could do in any kind of organization。

。