# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第10周-RSD Ozzie（恐惧科技）_Week 10 - RSD Ozzie (Fear Technology)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

给你们来这样子活动，为 Dr C Adler Hunter指引，烧烧烤烤魚，财 halted with，一个一个人赢乡球，让人休息ив爷，借了一颗烤完，Mountain，药内通缘，两额，那我就在家公在。

修好了，而要把ude stomでも投稿能力，因為我認為它是第一次發生的技術，對嗎？，你跟我一樣，我們就像，我告訴你，然後你走進去，你改變了，然後你改變了，然後你改變了，然後我看到你，在我身上。

我看到你在我身上，然後我改變了，然後我改變了，然後我改變了，然後我 judged，然後然後我改變了，之後我醒了，我已經改變了，好，措施成像，我做的事，我以了總看，我以了總看，我以了總看。

你了G wandering，然後我才慢慢碰拚，然後我G was pretty，之後我才看到，你是這樣，我有準備好處 mine，我做的，我 selber互動，我可以为你起步出行 flight。

如果我是高空游款，随便出行，最吧学猲，那些請中國騰 Inshelf錯覺，除非某個單位，會建議方式的 various transactions，然後他們得有脖子甚至高好，他們得做事啊。

牠會走走走走的都很有經濟 strength，然後當時在被破壞契的我們，致曼可曉給，那一年後，哈恩，這樣炎個滑鼠太像，更是更大加真技巧，弱無論如何，圍招，剛好講萬大學其他做應取，為 Moscow。

我愛知道，你說，非常有 practise，難別可能，些是，碰上大使，哪五條，學上，其實就是有些人有 fun with it。

我覺得是一個 process that most people need to have for any kind of social experimentation or any kind of conversational。

 In fact， when people do my program， they say that there are social situations now。

 There are so much more comfortable because they have done something 10 times worse。

 Like approaching a girl with their hands on their head or their shirt from side backwards。

 I make them approach like that so I increase the intensity of the approach。

 And then when they go back to a lot of normal lives， everything looks easier。

 Social situations look less threatening， You've been doing this for a very long time。

 How has things changed over time and how you teach the term？， The basic is always the same。

 the basic is always to try to amplify fear， Make it stronger in a social situation so that we work with those symptoms of fear。

 So that they get stronger and stronger， And then when they go back to normal situations。

 then it looks easy， If you didn't do that beforehand。

 that social situation would still look difficult， How do you notice that these things work outside of just a。

。。， What do you see？， Well， you guys， you know， it's amazing because when guys finish a bootcamp，。

 they， you keep in touch with them and they tell them， well， you know， I changed my job。

 Or they ask you， should I change my job？， Like， yeah， I'm not， I don't know what is your life。

 you know， But also， they have confidence to do things they couldn't do before。

 So I think guys quit their jobs and go on a world tour of seeing guys。

 Change the leg on so many different ways after a bootcamp。

 Because they're not afraid anymore of the consequences of their actions， Yeah。

 before they were like in this social matrix where they were like， you know， okay。

 my job is my job I cannot do this second of the day， So when they leave the parent。

 they sometimes they just go on a world tour， quit their jobs， start a new business。

 Some of them quit their job and started business because now they have the confidence that they like before。

 Yeah， that's very common， Well， I remember I had my brother-in-law on the program。

 I remember I flew him down the London and he was really interested in creating a call-up book company。

 Because he was inspired by the program he did with you。

 Because he believed that he could overcome a lot of things and he put a website board。

 But then he ended up instead just getting a new job， There you go。

 he was struggling on the internet， But they gave him the confidence to go into more management。

 You know， in my program he had to go through all these drills and he was challenging for him。

 I remember he was really agitated， Yeah， you know， anxiety-wise， social-unscience。

 Very much so of proof， but I think towards the end he started getting it， This is why we do it。

 It's part of the bootcamp is to understand why we do this thing， you know。

 Understanding it's not something crazy that we're doing， it's just something we do it for a reason。

 To be able to overcome those symptoms of fear， Yeah， well。

 what are the things that you think are the common traits that people have that they need to overcome？

， One of the common things that happens over and over in every bootcamp is that you see the power of fear。

 And how it can transform into excitement， And once people start getting that formula because fear and excitement they flip-flop。

 So if you're afraid of something， I don't know if it's a chance that you're excited about it。

 So if you're afraid of approaching that girl and you do a proctor。

 Or you're afraid of a big group of girls and guys in your approach and you survive there。

 And it has the power to change that fear into excitement， so you're excited now。

 I think that fear and excitement come from the same chemical inside of you， Same part of the body。

 The old come from symptoms， you get to feel them here and the solar plexus all the way down， Or。

 I'd say heart racing or a tight back， So I made my students feel their symptoms in those areas。

 Even before an approach I hold them back， I said， where do you feel your fear？。

 I don't allow an approach right away， It's something that I do that most people don't do。

 like most people go through and say， I grab my students back， I said， okay， feel the fear， you know。

 what part of your body is feeling that， And then they're able to transform that。

 The biggest value of fear of technology is you're able to transform those symptoms of fear that paralyze you into excitement。

 The other aspect I think of fear is how people's body language affect them also。

 I know you'd go a lot into say physical game， Do you talk a little bit about your beliefs？， Yeah。

 you know what I mean？ I had a guy last week in London。

 I was in London last week and I was teaching and I had this guy so tight。

 He was really excited but his body was entirely tight， And he couldn't do a physical game that way。

 Because you know the girls as soon as he grabbed him and touched him they could feel that tension。

 We're not pushing right away but they would feel that tension。

 They're kind of like we're not really into it， So I had to work slowly with him with the career of those symptoms of fear。

 So that physical game can start working， Yeah， I wise people can feel that tension。

 I always say you know， I always say you project whatever you feel inside your body。

 If you're feeling fear you haven't dealt with the symptoms。

 Those symptoms can be projected onto the people you're talking to。

 Or if you do physical game which is a very physical touch and contact， Women can actually feel it。

 Even men can feel it when you approach a group of people that have men women。

 When you know check their hand or high five and they can feel that tension coming out of your body。

 So it's very important that we work on those symptoms。

 And transforming them before we become successful at a physical game， Yeah， I got you。

 And I guess a lot of the other things you were talking about。

 Which is like physical game was also based on the dance floor， Yeah， absolutely men。

 I mean my programs are down on the dance floor entirely， Yeah， I call them a dance floor programs。

 We go to the dance floor and that's it， But I remember you do actually love other things。

 When I go to your programs in London， You're in the tube， you're in the streets。

 You're in the shopping mall， you're in the western square， Yes， you're in the dance club， Yeah。

 I'm talking about the dance floor is when we are in the club。

 But I bring fear technology outside on the street。

 And we do exactly the same challenging drills on the street， And we have a drill where it's funny。

 Because we have a drill where we stand on the street like this， With a starfish position。

 And then for example， last week I did that in London， Girls coming towards my students like that。

 Some of them stopped talking to you， And they just get phone numbers out of those girls。

 And you're doing the weirdest things， I remember that exercise very well。

 Because I implemented a lot of my own bootcamp， A lot of my bootcamp was mulled out。

 After some of those things I found most fascinating about yours。

 Another one was about how you had a congruence test， With the box of crayons， Yeah。

 I remember those， And yeah， on and off， If I feel like I needed it。

 So those congruence were based on fear again， So you have your social side and you have your real side。

 That really you， So I make my students throw those two sides of them。

 And then what we try to do on the bootcamp， Is try to your social side。

 Has to be congruent with your inward side， Who you are inside of you， And we try to do those two。

 Make you more congruent， And the way to do that is to bring your inner self。

 Who you are inside into your social， Makes those two， Makes sense。

 So right now what is your most of your passion coming from， What is the mindset of Aussie。

 the RSD instructor， Yeah， I mean I love work， I love bootcamp， That's my thing。

 In RSD I run bootcamps every weekend， And what I get the most out of bootcamp is for me。

 That transformation that they get in three days， Going through those three days， And see people。

 Become different people， Or become the real self， Or they really are in three days。

 Getting rid of those things that are stopping them。

 And becoming so much more comfortable in social situations， Yeah。

 I love the process of seeing people， Not just realize who epiphany is， What's going on。

 Just the process of seeing them thinking outside the box， More and more， Like they go。

 oh if I could do this， Yeah， I created a better job， And that's really inspiring。

 You get that at the end when they see， Because they see more possibilities in this area， Of dating。

 They start seeing more possibilities in other areas， So people that are asking。

 Can I use the technology in my job， And like yeah， he gets in your job。

 Can I use the technology in my business， Yeah， because it's the same system。

 All we do is challenge you， And you can use those same， Those same principles I use in my bootcamp。

 To challenge yourself in your job， And they say， well， how do I do it， And I said， well。

 Maybe finding a more challenging project that scares you， Maybe if you're on an， In business。

 how you own a business， Maybe launch a product that you were thinking about。

 But you were too afraid to do， And now you can use those symptoms of fear， And transform them into。

 Something proactive that was stopping you before， They're the same thing that you create。

 After your technology product as well， Yeah， I know， It's in the works， Yeah， absolutely。

 That would be cool， You've spent so many years developing things over time。

 So looking forward to seeing， More of what you talk about。

 Because you always seem to build off of things， And have new things to talk about。

 In terms of this at the RST World Summit， Or the RST Winter Summit。

 And that's really when I get to catch up with you most of the time， What's your view on my process？。

 Because you see me working on my program， You see me in the different summits。

 So you see how my program revolves， Year after year， One thing that I never stopped doing。

 Was developing my program， This is one of the basic things that， I started to develop their program。

 And we worked on that， And I never stopped， I never stopped developing my own program。

 So I keep adding things， Adding things over the years， So right now it's like a soup。

 I call it the soup， What my students get is years and years of， Boiling that soup。

 And what they get is the juice， How have you noticed that， Your socializing， Has changed from。

 Being in your 20s and 30s and 40s， How has that changed？， Ultimately， over time。

 The biggest change came after I started in the game， And also。

 Another change came when I became an instructor， I became， It's almost like a fear list。

 The things that， Would stop people in the past， Would not stop anymore， Taking more challenges。

 more risks， In social situations， But to be honest， The changes come to me。

 From I get inspired by people， And the other my students， I see them change， And then I change too。

 It's one of the things about， It's why I'm passionate about bootcums。

 Because with people changing around， You cannot afford by change too， And it's great。

 Something happens in those three days， Yeah， I've seen that happen。

 Remember some of the craziest guys， That seemed， Really introverted， But when they really let go。

 They have this like wild side， Yeah， it's on the first day， They tell you， Okay。

 why are you scared of， I'm scared of this， And then I'm scared of a girl， Telling me to fuck off。

 I'm scared of， Jellis Boyfriend， Fucking with me， Or by the second day。

 They start stealing girls from guys， And you know， you see them do things。

 They thought they were impossible， You know， they go beyond， Like you said。

 thinking outside the box， They go beyond what they thought was possible， Yeah。

 And another thing I was thinking about， Was the relationships， not just between。

 Like girls and guys， But also， you're， Other people came from a lot of guys， And they were like。

 They were like， Big guys， small guys， Yeah， that's the type of the guys。

 And like their physical presence， Yeah， one of my drillises， Go up to a big guy and own him， So I。

 And you deal with a little guy， Excited， It's him， the little guy， To a big set。

 Not only is a girl hot girls， Guys there， but then he said， Yeah， and then on the group。

 And then you go to the girls， And many guys are terrified， Like the first day they're like。

 I don't want to get into a fight， I don't want to， I don't want guys fucking with me， You know。

 they're afraid of that， And then at the end they start doing things， Like that like。

 Sobs the fear is gone， And they own really guys， And they don't care， Yeah， it's interesting。

 And the fear becomes excitement， The fear is， I know this is an energy。

 And that energy can be transformed， Yeah， if you work with it， You know， you have to work with it。

 Well， what are some of your， Beliefs about， Spirituality or， Belief systems that you think。

 I mean really important values to you， Yeah， I believe in integrity， You know， one of my things is。

 You know， People talk about being fake， You know， fake confidence， I don't believe in that。

 I believe in true confidence， And that's part of my， Of the integrity that I'm talking about。

 So I think it's impossible to fake it， You have to go earn it， Yeah。

 so that's part of the integrity， That one of my central values， Yeah， totally， And honesty。

 And I don't think you have to lie， You know， I tell my children， Not to lie ever。

 Don't tell a story， you know， Don't even lie about why。

 Don't even tell them why you're approaching them， That's irrelevant， And the thing about being。

 In integrity is that， It makes you stronger， Because it's confidence earned。

 It's not confidence fake， So when you do all these crazy drills。

 That I asked them to do on bootcamp， They start earning confidence， And they get hooked on it。

 And they realize that， They can actually own confidence， They can earn it， And they have to be fake。

 They don't have to go on fake， That they're happy。

 Or they have to go there and fake that they're the party guy， They can actually go there。

 Earn confidence in a difficult set， In a difficult scenario， And then enjoy， Enjoy that buzz。

 That they get out of doing something difficult， What are those things that。

 You think inspire like real fear， That inspire fear in you， Well， yeah。

 It's difficult for me to feel any fear， So I produce it， And that's my advice to people。

 I work with fear， And if I don't have it， You always can have a little bit。

 But if you want to really operate with fear， You have to produce it， So I look at a group of people。

 Or you know a set， Or a guy making out with a girl and I go in， And before I go in， And I figure。

 I don't know， 200 ways， Why is not going to work， And then I go in and make it work。

 So that's how you work with fear， Yeah， that's true， I social experimentation has a laboratory。

 That's really just trying to see what's going to happen there， Which I tell my guys， Look， I'm like。

 guys are going to kick your ass， I tell them everything， Because I do the opposite of。

 What people normally do， But sometimes how things are not going to work for them。

 And sometimes they start laughing， Because it's so ridiculous。

 They have earned so much confidence now， That when I tell them look， This set's going to go bad。

 This goes going to tell the fuck off， They start laughing， Because they。。。， It's no way。。。。

 They earn a lot of confidence by then， And then it's no way that's not going to work。

 How do you view that your life has changed， Oh my god， I mean， I've been all over。

 I think the only country I've never been to is Africa， You can't make it right， Yeah。

 I think we've done South Africa， Yeah， we've done Cape Town， And we've done Johannesburg。

 But we've also done， Programs and。。。， It's funny about it， it's like I've visited this for 10 years。

 I've been traveling all over the world， Coaching and I visit the same city， Over and over and over。

 you know， All over the world， And so it's almost like， It's like my home， See， I come to Vegas。

 It's like I know exactly where everything is， It's been years so many times， So I go to Stockholm。

 I know exactly where everything is， It's interesting that that process， Because there was like。

 I don't even have to look， At a map， I just look at the hotel。

 And I go through Google Maps and see a couple of pictures， And I know exactly where it is。

 So any city in the world， Because I've been there so many times， It's almost like I can go there。

 With my eyes closed， You know what I mean？， It's like I'm sure you too。

 You've been all over the place， You know， a lot of travel， And for many years you've been traveling。

 So for you it's the same， So we know the cities， We know exactly where to stay， We're not to stay。

 where to go， the best clubs， And it's almost like， It's so familiar， To me。

 it's changed me in that sense， For me， road travel is allowing me to also get a more conversational set。

 I used to be， Just talked to me about traveling to random cities around Europe。

 I wouldn't really understand how to relate to them， Now I could have a conversational skill set。

 Talking about more people， And devote those commonalities。

 So I feel like a lot of latings you've built upon that， Yeah， also you realize that。

 Every word in the world people are the same， Like 90%， And people say。

 what's the best place to pick up girls？， I always get this question。

 Or how do you pick up girls in this culture？， Yeah， this culture。

 Like I've run programs in the Netherlands， And I tell you that， Human behavior is so predictable。

 Everywhere you go people are afraid of the same things， And everywhere I go people are。

 My students are afraid of the same four or five things， You know， getting a fight with a guy。

 Get rejected by a hot girl， Afraid of public humiliation， It's all the same four or five things。

 Everywhere in the world， So you realize that people are very very similar。

 No matter what the culture is， Everywhere you go， Just behavior service， Yeah。

 I always thought that was a very interesting question， When I got people asking me about culture。

 Because I'm thinking， The stuff works all over the place。

 I know that culture really affects identity of a lot of people。

 But I think that in terms of socializing， Especially in terms of the dating life。

 So much of it's the same， It's about fun， It's the same， It's about being an energy and having you。

 So it's like one of the things， It's like a creepy weird guy， It's the same in every culture。

 And a social fun， Exciting guy is the same in every culture， Yeah。

 I think that's the same communication happens， No matter if you are in the Middle East。

 Or you are in Europe， Or you are in Asia， It's the same everywhere。

 Tell me about what you're doing in life， It's like now， I started working with you。

 It's like you get to the point where you want girlfriend， I know you're married， You have your wife。

 And mostly instructors at some point， They get girlfriends， So， you know what I mean。

 We've done everything， After all this crazy dating life， That we have at the beginning。

 You kind of look for stability after a while， And that's what I teach also my students。

 Get a couple of years of really good dating experience， Do whatever you want to do， Or three years。

 And then when you're really bored with it， You don't want any more sex anymore。

 Because it's too much， Then get a girlfriend， Because then you have choice。

 And the person you want in your life， You can actually take the time to think。

 This person is not going to make me happy， So I'm going to even try a relationship with this person。

 And commonalities， Like I like salsa dancing， I dance a lot， So， you study that？， Yes， I study that。

 Most of my girlfriends usually come from salsa dancing。

 They are usually like the same things that I do， So， it's fun， It's some commonalities。

 And I think this is my advice to most people， First you get all these dating experience。

 You get rid of your relationship， All these dating experience， You get rid of your fears。

 You experience so many dating situations， With different women。

 And only then when you have all that experience， On the your belt， then go for it， You know。

 the girlfriend you want， Because by that time you know who you want， Or what you don't want， Yeah。

 that， It's interesting that， You mentioned the other dating lives， Other RCA instructors。

 It's kind of a unique experience to be an RCA instructor， And the dating life of an RCA instructor。

 It's something that I think entries a lot of people， Because you're traveling from the city to city。

 And you're interacting with so many girls， And so， I tell you this。

 it's very difficult to stay with one girl， It's very difficult， You have to really work at it。

 Because you have temptation all over the place， And unless you work hard and arrangement like。

 You know， we're going to be exclusive， Or not， that has to be very clear， You know what I mean？。

 And she should know what you do for a living， And she should be okay with it， Yeah， Well。

 I think the thing about interesting about your job， Is that it's also very fluid。

 It's continually changing， Like every weekend is not like the same way， You just pick up。

 Your laptop computer and you type， And you're just making the same kind of calls， Like。

 toy unique experiences， Yes， the people that you meet， It's like。

 It's a new adventure every single time， I was wondering。

 what are some of the most interesting stories， That you might have experienced in the last month or two。

 That might pop up， Like， there's always something new that happens， I mean。

 from clients there's always different stories， You know， I can tell about a client I had recently。

 Who was blind， Blind， Well， I think he was half blind， Like， he couldn't see out of one eye。

 And inside the club he couldn't see at all， So， you know， we had all those guys， You know。

 I had guys on wheelchair， I had guys， I had that too， I had guys with cancer on product， Probably。

 I don't know if you had those， I might have， I wouldn't know。

 I did have a student that was over 90 years old， I had older guys too， Yeah。

 this guy was interesting because he was half blind， He was falling all over the place， Like。

 in the club he walked and fell had to grab him， And then when I was trying to approach。

 I had to grab him， I'm walking to the girls， And say， oh， this is the girls I want you to approach。

 You know what I mean， Because he wouldn't be able to see them， And until they were really out close。

 He was able to see him， So， I had to actually grab him and take him to the girls， I mean。

 I've never really had to do that， Sometimes with the shy guys too， With the blind guys。

 he couldn't see them， He was very excited about the product。

 Sometimes because these guys that are somehow handicapped， They are so excited about the product。

 Because they understand fear of technology so well， They are lives。

 Because they always have to overcome fear， And they have to overcome challenges， In their real life。

 That when you take them with you， When they see fear of technology， So， about challenges。

 they understand the perfectly， I don't have to explain most of the stuff。

 Because they really get it， I also remember we used to do executive retreats all the time。

 It was a super fun， I remember we had to do a lot of things。

 We were so shocked that we were in this island， This is not just an island。

 This is an island where they took us to these caves， I remember we were like， here's your bed。

 There were like stones， Like stones， And he was so ridiculous that we started laughing。

 Because I don't know， He was laughing because we were desperate。

 And then we said when is the next taxi， You know， taxi boat to leave town， It was the next day。

 I remember that we had a tour guide， There was like a 65 year old woman。

 And I was a 25 year old guy， And I was like， so how are you going to get to the nightlife。

 Is there a boat ticket there， And she was like， no， you can hang out with me all night。

 I remember you getting on the phone， Calling 200 people。

 And I remember you saying executive decision， We're not staying here today， You brought that phone。

 And we got us back to another island， We got to another island， There was no hotel in sight， He was。

 I remember he was， he was holy that season， So everything was booked， But we went to the EOS。

 I remember you walking around to every hotel， Do you remember how I got the hotel。

 I don't know because we were walking， This is how I got the hotel， So you went to Mika Noes。

 And you met a girl that was working at the front desk， You hooked up with her， Yeah。

 I remember that， And I remember I was walking with her， Later on I said， yeah。

 Aussie and I are going to go to EOS next， She goes， oh， my best friend， Teresa， something like that。

 She works at a hotel there in EOS， Powell， There you go， So I went to EOS， Powell， and I said， hey。

 Teresa or whatever， And I said， yeah， your friend from Mika Noes， I mentioned her name。

 She said that you'd be able to hook us up， Yeah， actually hook us up。

 That was the nicest sweets in the hotel for a super cheap， And they're like。

 there's like these awesome sweets， And there's gorgeous pools， And I remember that we were like。

 you were like， imparadized， And I remember that we went on the street。

 We had all the baggage because we couldn't get anything， And you got us these hotels。

 And I was like， how do you do this？， Well， no， because you hooked up with that girl。

 And then I remember that my passion came out， That was passion for spaghetti ballonets。

 That was Italian， That came out to Greece and cooked the most amazing pasta， And now even today。

 one of my favorite eyes is spaghetti ballonets， My wife， fortunately。

 is a very good cook at spaghetti ballonets， So we're lucky there。

 But we've been talking with a team， With a tower and everyone about how we might wonder。

 We up all these executive treats together， Oh my god， I was so fun。

 That's the most fun I ever had honestly， I know that's so much fun on a holiday。

 I can't really feel the great treats， At the time， we were like a small crew。

 And we were kind of really small， And it's almost like we were doing all the jobs， So ourselves。

 all the jobs， Remember you were in charge of traveling， And you were in charge of everything。

 Actually， whenever I needed something， I went to you。

 Because you had to charge of everything at the beginning of the business。

 And it was so much fun to have all the guys there， And just go out and have fun， Yeah。

 it's interesting how the company has evolved so much， And I was doing the travel。

 I was also doing sales， Everything else， you were doing everything， You were doing the sales。

 you were doing the travel， And you were doing the website development， You had all the jobs。

 I remember the whole staff， With the company was like three guys， It was you， as tour Lewis。

 Actually， what's tour Lewis was being hired at the time， It was my intern at the time， Yeah， I know。

 And you think of him now， He's been with us for so long， And I did an interview with him。

 For RSC Mashman， And I remember at the time you were doing all the jobs。

 And I don't know how you fucking did that， There were so many things you had to do。

 I think it's amazing， But the thing I thought was probably like camaraderie。

 And also gives you a chance to win a game together， I was thinking that if we did this。

 We could get a new launch， And we had breakfast lunch and dinner together。

 You know the original tagging together， We did everything together， We did everything together。

 Breakfast lunch and dinner together， And because it was us， Yeah， that's it， We had nobody else。

 We had to do all the jobs ourselves， And it was really good。

 The whole company would be putting a hold， For like 10 days or so， Yeah， the company was on hold。

 We just did nothing for three days， It was so much fun， But also I remember those days in Greece。

 Where one of the things that really impressed me about you。

 That we went to Sermonie Trouble Sermonie， That's part of the fun too。

 You know all these challenges we had， With that tour guide。

 There were so many in all the wrong places， We were always booked wrong。

 It's funny I have a good laugh about things， We can laugh about it now， But I saw you always like。

 Okay now this is not happening， I'm gonna do this， you're changing things all the time。

 Yeah we have our instructors come up with a hotel， Yeah， they get a cave， And at one point。

 We were all the luggage we were sleeping on the street， Because we couldn't find a hotel。

 The thing was booked up and you went out there， I remember you going hotel by hotel。

 Trying to find a room， I remember that， And actually did you actually got the money back。

 From that tour guide， I don't remember， I remember you going to the office， I remember we did that。

 We follow you around Athens， You went to every office， And you got your money back。

 I'm not gonna leave here until I get my money back， I remember going to a horrible job， Honestly。

 I remember that， It was a job ever， It's funny like how little things like that。

 Even though it calls so much problems， Good comes out of it， You never know， you know。

 It was so much fun， It was fun to go， We're laughing all the time， I've been back you know。

 So low too， But I mean， I had to go back， It's because the memories from that trip were so strong。

 Oh my god， it's amazing， It was， Serdenia also， Yeah， it was， Serdenia for the Italy trip。

 We went to Porto Truvo for the billionaire's club， Yeah， I remember the billionaire's club。

 Oh my god， Lots of models and millionaire guys， Big tables。

 But the Greece for the VIII was the best I think， I think so， It brought us to。

 All of the major islands there， Yeah， I let it do something like that。

 And Tara and I have been talking about doing something， We've sent in two different test。

 We're in a strawberry market， But I love the international thing， I think that。

 It's gonna take pretty super time， I work on something， It is hard to get us。

 together in one point now， Because everybody is travelling，早些星期是 II。30鐘雪很明顯，有什麼東西像針隲，兩個去哀拜，其實也一樣。

創意服務，世面真的跳很快， Ziems現在很快，生日的各種，也在伊拉哥，他們也有任何星期，很幸 dej，大嘴道傢俱啦，我以為的，那麼多，0啃，一起付選，我看到卻有很多婚礡，我看到博物。

緊得 Amazing，我想體會，所以在今天提了"，我剛ab trabalhar，，cks，然后麻塵，，穿不在eman，，ья，，加薦！， which is the energy hormone。

 So lifting with Great Disasters for you， certain diets will increase the testosterone。

 diets reaching in protein， So the main thing is， I always tell guys you have to get them to diet。

 you've got to go to the gym， if you want to be successful in this game， it takes energy。

 and you need that energy when you are， also sleeping a lot， this is part of， you know， dieting。

 sleeping， But my training i think it's great convention to give you health。

 You know i think it's great combination to give you health， I mean my boot comes are exos懾。

 It's like 3 day케，20，60年我可作为小学生 其实没有利用，女生的肆 dig脚，她最药 start，女主 年俊，又是你們好重要，，其實樣子很元涼為自己，，用來敬心安財，，我會便宜你，。

就要另外一個模可能，，我一開始的朋友要看見，， woodcam很花強，，為麼他做的要是，，都看見我的，， Dara看見我的，，如果要鏡頭，，有時候會拍出的照片頭，我問你為什麼要收拾的貨物。

然後你會收拾貨物，在那邊說，我收拾貨物因為我希望收拾貨物，我會跟你分享，我會跟你分享，因為我現在知道，如果我收拾貨物，我不會再收拾貨物，然後我會收拾貨物，哈哈哈哈哈哈，所以我會收拾貨物，我會收拾貨物。

因為人們收拾貨物，很多人收拾貨物，收拾貨物，所以他們知道，你為什麼要收拾貨物，我不會再收拾貨物，所以我會收拾貨物，我也是覺得一件事是很關心的，因為你剛才有這麼多的生活的經驗，我有一位朋友，他的名字是。

他叫Mr。 Game Threase，他的名字是Wilny's Steve，他有一個人 who wrote a book，他在錄影中說了10，000名的名字。

他有看到的 mechanic 德爾蘭說的很好，他常說呢，我說他這麼熟悉的名字，你有這個 he dancer，參加他加拿壓也會增加，上高度，撥航能許多的東西，尤其是他那麼神奈可，嘴膛太多，你也知道。

你也有很多的感觉，有些人在那里，就会感到好，在那里，他觉得，人家就有这么多的感觉，那里，有些人在那里，有什么意义，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了，我说了。

我说了，我说了，我说了，我说批诗，我说嘴布，他都会，你就很抨扎，他说，如果他不是这么累，如果他不是好干？"，我说，这些我会，对话，他将络，络，络，络，络，络，络，络，络，络，络，络，络，络，绝。

中國可能會uru Pass"。。。，中國可能會讓美國攻擊， claims its a real challenge，這就是美國R zum網站，版本的地方。。。。

If there's no big challenge。，在於美國。。。，如果 uno有這位野隊。。。。， esa never-kept word。，這舉行是這樣，一個τε兒心的反對，一時就抑鬱於加菌。

犁多側朝，他們是投入 только我，指了一個不好擬aching，很危險的，然後 technical designed，他陷阱，所以這個要遊戲，的時候集中，這個人用你，生景，了黨人。

他加全哲考量是多關心的，很多時間，說他成為郭文綿，你要以q EVA器，看俺貿易奪手，他拿上 Your Play，他真的 music，大不了，大不了。

Thank you so much for the interview。 This has been awesome。， Awesome， cheers。。

也在怕。