# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：8与更成功的_08. Networking with the More Successful​​--十大赠品微信156066050

有些人就虧许 纪念時間、狗，，他就能捕捉鞭巴的和父親 thumbs，有些人温暖、有好守的 扒黑姍的予惠，或者副教师，别忘了什么？，那么最近我预答过，我们是站术献川，我也想有点困难，我在这个世界軁。

哪些土地成为，优劣的封煥，比如说，这些土地etzre，都不过关心，在生活情绪和病救，这天才吞析，要不要你感谢父亲，你也可以他是，那里呢，多什么，必须由别的湖，不 root，寂寞，跟гoff。

赵 rugby，给我，為什麼，不休了，我一切也就要做人就是讓他 seriously，要派對其他樂園，我會放在這曦外，效果比較重要，就是把泊馬說到其他人。

那 dzi wanted to call all r4ms，有派對其他的新派，就話給他們，我當初聽說，對其他人的音樂，底下都不安，直覺是同一人人。

ink Talk about books and I read and stuff like that。

 And he actually did time to do an interview with me， You'll be surprised。

 If you are actually wanting to take the actions， To view yourself as a peer。

 That is the most powerful people in the world， Oftentimes they will review you。

 With the same respect they do give their peers， Even if they know exactly。

 Who you are in terms of your wealth， status and status， Just know you will all born the same。

 When you are born in this planet， You're gonna be born with anything different，即使IP家有些人不能根據。

用家的人作為大家都，平靜一點，但是在網絡供應付，美國國主義參加於，Station人家集圖， showed by the television， and film。

他們 become more obsessed，連陳宏， If you have less than one， Allah，連人家好像跟了些人，導致一個7分，你身上都不充減。

但我們經常有間要分享 succiti，我們彷彿知道，要大家看大平台，與美曾和密辨，人們 who have it in the most difficult way。

 and they're born as situations of paying in English。

 that might be a motivator to push them farther to succeed， and motivate them harder。

 than those people that do have it easy， and as a result the people who have it easy may fail。

 because of that compared to those people who have that push， harshness。

 so just realize that we are all born with the same opportunity。

 and if you're looking to network with people that are more successful with you。

 all you have to do is offer to write core foundations of trust， friendship， loyalty。

 as more valuable than any amount of money， no matter how much money you have。

 you can't buy those things and everyone knows it， even the most powerful people on the planet and as a result。

 of me really adopting that to the core， I have a lot of really powerful friends。

 in addition to that I don't withdraw favors unless there's a mutual interest。

 and usually that's something that is fun， for both parties involved。

 I mean if I'm looking for a favor， I need someone to help。

 I usually have invested a lot into that relationship first。

 unless it's something where I really need a favor， I can introduce you or something like that。

 I won't cash in on that， unless I absolutely have to。

 or unless I can contribute to that as a person， a lot of what I've done for my friends。

 is build a value that can't be bought， and then when I ask for something。

 they'll be more than willing to want to give it， they'll actually want to do it for free。

 I have friends that build hundreds if not thousands of dollars。

 for an hour for their time and they're willing to help me for free because。

 I can do the same thing and I also offer them a lot of value。

 even before that I had that same power， but knowledge is free and everyone loves to share。

 so if you go to network with people that are more successful than you。

 you often find that they also just want to help you。

 I love helping people that just aren't not successful。

 because I can help them transform into someone successful。

 it's kind of like giving birth to a child， you're able to kind of guide their path and help them。

 and the same way that you care about their people's success as well。

 because you feel like you're creating that success yourself。

 even though it's creating through another person， and it's kind of cool to see how that path is going。

 it's kind of a fun game to play， and a lot of people who are really successful have that view。

 and have that standpoint， so when you're networking with them。

 one of the interesting ways to get their attention， is to show that you can really use your help。

 even if it's just for knowledge， because knowledge is free and I'm asking for their money。

 necessarily you're asking for their time， but if you have fun and you have that process。

 of them sharing with you is fun， then want to do more， and share your stories and inspire interest。

 if you have interesting travel stories， or you can use them to beautiful girls。

 and you're a guy and you're single， these things also help。

 which are networking with the people that are more successful。

 that's why I always recommend people to develop， interesting stories， just like a life experience。

 things that can inspire people， inspire interest， inspire extra quickers。

 and travel and what have you， because these are things that can be used for networking purposes。

 and for all your conversational experiences， or reference experiences。

 you're trying to pick up girls or your day in life， it also helps in business。

 and when I'm using my networking， I'm usually thinking about， not just your personal life。

 but also your business life， a lot of people think about networking， where they're thinking about。

 just hanging out with the most riches， and the most powerful people。

 or trying to get access to those people， that have access to those people， on the other hand。

 inviting people to those more meaningful activities， even if it's just an adventure， or humble home。

 for like a small dinner gathering， where you have like a homemade meal， things like that。

 will be more memorable to them， than taking them to， a five-star restaurant。

 and you won't even remember， exactly what you ate， but you will definitely remember。

 that a homemade meal， and the environment and the omnion， is created there。

 and people will care more about you， and your success， when you do those things。

 that are more personal， and more touching and more close to home， so think about those things。

 that are more meaningful in your life， and a lot of those things。

 will probably be the exact same things， are more meaningful to theirs。

 because those people that are really successful， whether they're like a celebrity， and business。

 or just in a personal life， or in a status of entertainment world， they're no different than you。

 in terms of your beliefs， and your values， maybe they had a upbringing。

 that evolved a higher level of educational purpose， and intent， maybe they had more resources。

 money of power or time， but all in all， we're all seeing basic humans， at the same common interest。

 basic needs， so we all need help with things， you'd also find out。

 what those things that they're working on， things maybe they published。

 especially if they're in the press， or they're really popular。

 most people that are really successful， or in the press， and you'll hear， that might talk about。

 under social media channels， or in the mainstream media， and press in general。

 what they're looking for， if you could think about ways， you could help contribute to that。

 either from your networking， or your contacts， or contacts， because everyone knows people。

 that might know people， that might be a good health， and you can't help them directly。

 and you'll be surprised， when you try to think about， your friends， and your friends' friends。

 as arms of yourself， how much easier it is， for you to help， other people that are more powerful。

 and leveraging that， and then trying to tap into those relationships。

 so that you could help those people， so they're more interested， in being closer。

 and more powerful arms， as opposed to being， at the mechanical hand， that you can't turn。

 now it's a mechanical hand， that you can turn， it has a baseball hat， that also can shoot spikes。

 out of it， that's also mechanical， that you can't really control， that's why I view。

 like a friend of a friend， especially when you turn that friend of a friend， into a powerful ally。

 and so on that to get trust， and you build your friendship， and your relationships， in that sense。

 I don't view my， network and relationship， as a tool， to use like that， but I， for damn sure feel。

 that when it does turn into that， it is the most， empowering sensation。

 it feels like you own the world， that's why， when I was in Los Angeles， living here for so long。

 I used to feel like， I was a social senator， I literally would walk， around the city。

 feeling like I own Los Angeles， it's because of that ability， that had the power to。

 leverage my network， and even though it wasn't， this powerful， and some of the， a-wiss celebrities。

 that are out here， in Hollywood， and in red carpets， I actually was also， up there with them。

 many times， not being as popular， with the same power， just through the power。

 of my networking skills， and the power to understand， how to utilize it， because everyone wants fun。

 they want money， they want to feel valuable， they want respect， and to think about。

 all the commonalities， that you might share， with them， just as anyone else， would。

 to where I watch， people to do， or students in mind， just develop those， common hooks， for example。

 look at those， people who are， your friends， who might be their friends， or how your friends。

 might be able to help them， or just develop， really strong hooks， with your friends， so that they。

 become more successful， look at your interests， look at what could be， more， interests that you。

 haven't even explored yet， or the interests of your friends， or interests of people， that you know。

 are successful， and get into those interests， because you might not， even realize how much。

 you actually like them， and look at your goals， look who might be， able to help you。

 accomplish those goals， how you might be， to accomplish， yourself and put in the work。

 and the hard work ethic， and try to accomplish those goals， the best， and your ability。

 and you're more likely， to accomplish those goals， and you're more likely， to network。

 and you're more likely to。