# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：12.外部游戏PUA获得业务_12. Outer Game PUA To Get Business​​--十大赠品微信156066050

etoion 工房應該會更厲害，高落事 讓小小農場需要使用，例如，做沃利利頭那部分，雖然筛omial 但然間，被效提到放 Hobony 不按，本期效果有 levels 就是，包裝 特質那麼就是說。

需要有審查例，要微慰，要不起來，人拍光，有什麼下一條，已經管美國小型，現在，這裡說，DESI，在這後，使用正要，。。。。， five，以上，一次，就是，一定行車， Anyone。

 anywhere for any purpose and any reason， and a lot of that has to deal with the fact that。

 the interactions that you need， to seduce and attract a woman。

 is the same things that attract almost anyone to any other person。

 it's just that a lot of it is niche to pick up， so practice those cold approach skills on business。

 practice this stuff that you've done， and you'll notice the commonalities。

 practice the cold approach skills that you have， when you go out to a cauteo part of your house。

 part of your friends， just walk up to random people， maybe you know the same sex as a straight guy。

 and just practice those skills to try to get， new friendships or just establish a poor。

 especially if you're in an environment that's cold， and it'll be dramatically surprised。

 but how transferable these skills are， to the other areas of your life， in fact on bootcamp。

 when I had clients that were interested， in overcoming barriers of。

 talking to girls or in soul circles， especially when they had other guys， hanging out with them。

 I'd force them just to walk up， to the other guys and we'd talk to them first。

 or if they're scared about talking to， really big scary guys。

 because they're afraid of talking to beautiful girls， and their fear that these big scary guys。

 would walk up to them and beat them up， I'd walk up to the big scary guys in the bar。

 and go hey what's up bro， high five and in high five， these scary guys and if they did。

 where did they did or not， just proved that they were not getting punched。

 in the face or getting scared away， the same thing goes in business。

 when you're chasing that big whale， that big deal， practice doing so。

 it'll be surprised how much this works， also the regular follow up， that's so important。

 and pick up in your day in life， is super important in your business life。

 falling on up on your leads， is something that we will do so much， so that it often。

 literally takes us six to eight phone calls， or emails or points of contact。

 with various people before they sign up for a bootcamp， same thing will happen in your day in life。

 you might text a girl six to eight times， before she even considers going out with you。

 you might like share stories， go back and forth and what have you。

 but you gotta develop that rapport， because everyone has multiple options。

 whether it's in day in life， or whether it's in business。

 with various vendors that choose from as opposed， to whatever you're offering。

 the same thing goes with friendships， however， everyone wants friendships。

 and we'll consider you a friend， if you have developed， even the littlest bit of rapport。

 so develop friendships， so it'll be surprised， how those little friendships。

 may turn to bigger friendships， maybe many years later， maybe sooner than you expect。

 and as a result， those friendships oftentimes turn into business， relationships。

 many of my friendships， you're just people I've met on the golf course。

 I've turned to people that ended up working with me， people that I've met in random seasons。

 around the world， just hanging out on a beach， I've turned into business advisors。

 you'll be surprised， the same thing goes in your day in life， sometimes you'll just approach a girl。

 you'll have no expectations， and you end up dating that girl， all these things are so useful。

 and that's why the outer game of pickup， the outer game of， not just the internal belief systems。

 but the actual things you say do， and how do you react， which is a body language。

 these are the things that will allow you， to also get obsessed in business。

 but stay true to your morals and your values， in regards to， what you will and want to accept。

 in terms of like pickup， it's， you know， you don't want to waste your time。

 you want to make sure that， you're not being walked over， in the same kind of situation。

 in your day in life， and you want to do that in the business life as well。

 you want to make sure that， you have that mindset， going in， the value of you and yourself。

 you want to have that freedom of outcome， that outcome to independence， you want to have。

 the belief that you are enough， and to push forward， you want to have those things to do that。

 and then you want to react to it， so combine your outer game and inner game together。

 think about how the others are bound to， are reacting， look at the environment， when you're in set。

 you look at the environment， and you'll see who do you want to approach first。

 what particular order， what particular chronology， of the interaction， if you have a group working。

 in a business environment， you'll have a team， should you approach the person。

 who's like the boss first， should you approach the， people who are working for the version。

 I mean if you look at a set， you might work， the group dynamic。

 depending on who's going to be interacting， you might want to wait for an interaction。

 that involves that， the person that you really want to talk to， is not very busy。

 so if you look at a set dynamic， you might， approach that girl。

 and the set that you really want to talk to， you might do that only after realizing。

 that she's kind of， not really engaged， deeply in that conversation。

 the same thing goes in the business world， where you kind of wait for those opportune moments。

 and in the same way， where you can't just wait， sometimes you have to create those。

 opportune yourself， craft that， lead that， be the leader of the interaction。

 organize the whole peer group， and then split the peer group， so that you could。

 organize and facilitate that process yourself， you should do that so many times， in group dynamics。

 because most of your interactions， in business are usually involved in groups， unless you're。

 calling up cold one-on-one， which is always preferred matter， because you can。

 then kind of control the interaction， have more influence。

 now have to worry about those random variables， because variables are always things， that can。

 stifle potentially stifle， your interaction， in the social and business world。

 and establishing those queer expectations， talking， in the beginning。

 when you're forming a relationship， of what you want that relationship to grow into。

 what you don't want to see happen， what you've had happened in the past。

 especially in the beginning， it's exciting， it's fun， the same thing happens in the business world。

 where you talk about what you will， and what not tolerate from other people， in the business world。

 what you're expecting to happen， what you don't want to have happen。

 exactly how you want a deal to be made， we do that all the time， if they get R as D for example。

 well very specifically， clarify， with massive detail， 30-page sales letter plus video sales letters。

 emails， and even client testimonials， explain exactly what you are。

 when you're getting what you're getting， especially when we're selling， what we're selling。

 because we're not just putting up a picture， of a Coke cola cans， and hey buy Coke。

 we're creating something， that is a live program， an experience that no one's ever created before。

 and explaining a massive deal， what it is， so people understand， yeah this is real。

 this really exists， we used to get those questions， back in the day。

 10 years ago people used to call our office， and say， hey I'm just trying to figure out。

 if this is a real company， or this is real， because it sounds really interesting。

 but I just want to make sure， to actually exist， now we don't have that problem anymore。

 because we've been around for a very long time， people read all about us。

 and see all sorts of interesting things about us， now。

 calibrate your conversation to the individual， every individual will have a certain。

 presumptive knowledge of the world， and perception of who you are。

 and the same thing happens in business， and as you build that report。

 and get deeper and you show the value， that you have to offer， the interaction that you have。

 with that person will change， lowly over time， just make sure you're aware。

 of that conversational effort， calibrate that situation， and develop your conversation。

 to what you're looking for， when you first start off， you want to start talking about。

 introducing yourself， who you are， getting an establishment of value， and rapport。

 making sure that they understand， if you're a cool person， they want to hang out， you know。

 wait for your time with you， and try to find hooks， so that they're interested。

 in talking to you more， as whether it's in social life， or your business life。

 you then want to like escalate， the situation， talk about the things。

 where you might have commonalities， to build and show， and trigger out where each other's goals are。

 and try to help facilitate， that process of growth， and also fun， and let them know。

 what you're looking for， and how they might be able to help， you get with that。

 and as you facilitate that， and then will grow， to the escalation of you， helping you。

 to check it out， through that commonalities， and then cut the goals， and moving things forward。

 especially if you're looking， for a long-term business relationship。

 if you're looking for a short deal， to see them with pickup， they can build those fancy。

 quick things， they're easy to close， easy lockdown， and you basically， create that excitement。

 around it， to a momentum， and then close， and that social momentum， carries you forward。

 to push things， and for a quick and closing deal， but you got to manage， this hit appropriately。

 based upon what you're looking for， whether it's in the sole sitting。

 or it's in the business setting， I know that in a social setting， you got to look at the set。

 and you got to say， okay well， in this interaction， I'm looking to get this， particular result。

 but most of the time， you have to be， Alchemist dependent， now in a business setting。

 your outcome is usually， kind of pre-determined， because people， usually will come to you。

 but if they're completely cold， they may not even want to do， business with you。

 so you may want to approach， your business sets， more like a social set。

 we're also Alchemist dependent， we're interacting with the set， just talking to try。

 to base the pod， of general interest in developing， a fun experience， or a friendship。

 and seeing if there is a， possibility for business， because usually when you're。

 doing a cold approach for business， you don't even know， if they really want。

 to have business with you， especially when you're going， to a convention。

 and you're advertising your services， or just walking up to random， people， who may be friends。

 of clients， or potential clients， you never know， but if you can't hook them， into a conversation。

 start sharing those， fascinating， and most interesting things， about what you're， trying to offer。

 in terms of your service， in terms of， what you're trying to offer， them in terms of our product。

 and in the same matter， of you trying to offer， yourself as that product， think about what。

 success you've had， in your day in life， and how， those successes relate， to your business life。

 and you'll see the parallels， are almost exactly the same。