# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：03.处理公关和广告批评_03. Handling PR & Advertising Criticism​​--十大赠品微信156066050

我們在華銷售理工組裡，我們特別有好聽，而 State Traditional，我們的裁裁止中國人科的名字 ahead，惊疍者是大家，或是其ahn，我們能碰到人家人的遵屆，截耳朵，因為他們真不看ior。

特地遵徹，忽然有一種，他們以為失誤去， 76%，在香港人的評 how，重得到，Vancing New York Times reporter。

 and we all knew that he was faking it the entire time， but we let him on anyway。

 and this was the old policy， because our old policy was creating media package。

 create your press kit， having it available online， and all media is good media。

 that is afraid to hear all the time， all press is good press。

 however that is a 100% definitely not the case， I used to say all press was good press。

 unless it was involving criminal prosecution， or some kind of criminal act， even worse though。

 could be a situation where we had some guys， accused of things like be borderline criminal。

 even though they're a quick fabrication， is because of people that were in social media。

 so you gotta be careful about this， so now we have a second policy。

 not now but like when we had that hamlet， we were joined。

 join me came the most hated man in the world， he was one of our instructors。

 and he was doing this because he created a video， that went viral of him hooking up with girls in Japan。

 they got edited to make it look like he was actually， forcing hookups on girls which was crazy。

 if you look at the videos of girls faces are blurred， but are smiling， laughing， and joking around。

 but at the same time when we saw them， they be abashing him， and making up fabricated invocations。

 taking statements and saying jokes， like he was joking about a certain situation。

 taking it as serious， and they're not doing it just with him， but even my business partner。

 his partner was talking about how， he was like the king of the jungle， he was like the lion。

 he got a mate with a female lion， he'd get on her and mate rigorously。

 and then I remember a news article， I think it was a really popular news magazine。

 and globally popular， what got legitimate news source。

 was saying that he was advocating the rape of lions， which is crazy。

 because people are quoting that， if he quote any popular comedian， it could be done in a bad way。

 so we came up with this， second poll， all of these are bad， avoid it， just the truth is though。

 you gotta share your message， you gotta get your message out there， because the public opinion。

 even though it is not your main source， when you're in business， or we mean source。

 when you're trying to manage reputation， you gotta share your message， to avoid problems。

 because the public's opinion， does somewhat matter。

 because if you get too many people in the public， to say bad things about you。

 they could lead to larger attacks， the thing is， I actually took my first class at Harvard。

 in legal studies， studying the constitution and the media in the USA， wondering how is it possible。

 that media can get away， with saying whatever they want， and the law says that。

 you could say whatever you want， about a public figure， this was a law that was created to avoid。

 what people call it， a vicious libel， which is when you could attack a government。

 and then you get prosecuted for it， even if it's just pressing your opinion， but the thing is。

 public figures and officials， can include YouTube celebrities， it can include anyone。

 who's putting their face out there publicly， and they can say whatever they want about that person。

 as long as it's not supposedly done， with malicious intent， and it's completely fraudulent。

 challenges proving the first part， the former， which is malicious intent。

 trying to prove that it was done wrong， as opposed to what most media sources say。

 we're just trying to share your story， now， increasing your web traffic， getting out there。

 sending your message out there， I think is really， really， really important， so。

 so important because， a lot of people don't even know， who you are， or what you do。

 if you're in business， in our situation， so many people didn't know， what real-source name is about。

 how we're involved with the self-improvement， how to use the positive aspects。

 of self-improvement in picking up girls， can be used to change all sorts of aspects of your life。

 a lot of people don't realize that， they saw a lot of our humor， and our jokes。

 and our so much edgy humor， and edgy jokes， and it could take it as a serious threat to their culture。

 especially people that are seriously involved， with conservative religious values。

 most of our clients， and most of our staff are agnostic single guys。

 they are really just out there to have a lot of fun， so I mean there's a lot of messages out there。

 that can kind of contort the message you're trying to convey， but you can control your own message。

 and you can do so， and the same way that we try to do it， what we try to do in real-source dynamics。

 is just to get a loyal following a loyal fans， the people who actually care about our message。

 and just get the message those particular people， now the public。

 and the mainstream people that are really just trying to get a story out there。

 they may or may not like what we have to say， but if we get a really awesome entertaining。

 great value out of it， that loyal fan base will grow and grow and grow and grow。

 and we're in a situation in the same way， of utter controversial artists， like pit-bop artists。

 they have the same kind of situation， where they try to just taste that loyal fan base。

 to be true to themselves， be true to their fans， try to express their message。

 it's kind of like a form of art， other things though we're also doing。

 is we're meeting up with a lot of sexual publicists， people that have dealt with crisis management。

 and are dealing with criticism， one of them was a guy named Bernstein。

 who told us that we should develop a miss in the facts page。

 and disseminate that when there's future attacks， and just spell any myths that are wrong。

 we're doing that， we're also doing our own voices， we're also creating videos about this。

 and we're also slowly disseminating a lot of these messages。

 in our social media and our YouTube channels， so in the future we can be ready for that。

 and be ready with a response for interviews， because although media catashish fees and media news。

 may do a lot of positive things， like for example we had scandals， scandals things。

 talked about many of our instructors around the world。

 and it multiplied our web traffic massively huge spike， and maybe even increased our email list。

 up to 16 times in one of our scandals， but the thing is that's not necessarily。

 what you're trying to do， you want a situation， where you can explain the facts clearly。

 so that in the long-wearing you're not going to deal with negative issues。

 another thing you might want to do， in any kind of company。

 is to separate the brands of your various product lines。

 so if one brand has a certain media relations issue， you have your other brands or separate。

 so one of the things that we're also doing now， is to separate our team of instructors。

 and to own separate brands， Joian's building a self-transcendence company。

 and it's a company that is on self-improvement， and he has a new channel for it， like Joian himself。

 we have other instructors who have other businesses， on the side that are。

 subsidiary companies of RSD that have their own brand， an example could be the immersion。

 the biggest immersion and as their brand in and of itself。

 the immersion program having a longer-term training， the boot camps。

 and if we ever had a situation where these brands need to be， separate companies， separate entities。

 with their own banking and processing， they have that。

 and it allows us also to deal with law and the media。

 because we could say like this is one guy's brand， this is another。

 but in the future I think what we're going to do， is we're going to spawn faster。

 I know the last media crisis we had， or it was like a global scandal， you didn't have any training。

 our company never really had a global influence， to the point where we actually needed to have。

 say press conferences and stuff like that， but we will definitely be doing that in the future。

 as I've had a lot of friends now， since having to go through the challenges， of being in the media。

 because I think that we had one year， where we were in just one month， over 100。

000 media outlets around the world， and we're a global company， but we're not like Coca-Cola。

 but at the same time， once you get to the point where you reach your influence。

 is as powerful as what we have， even if our revenue is not as large as these other companies。

 that influence that movement is so powerful， that attracts the public attention around the world。

 and as a result these opinions matter， we want to do business and countries around the world。

 we want to make sure that we're solid， and that people know this， now the challenge that we face。

 is that presently， even though the public message that we have is out there， we need to be stronger。

 when I asked people if they've heard about our company， one out of five people。

 20% of people will know who we are， they might have heard about us。

 they might have heard about us a lot， they might not have heard about us very much。

 but they've heard stories about us， and I believe in the future， maybe 10， maybe 20 years now。

 everyone will know about who we are， somewhere to end up in a way， we're at first。

 they're like straight out of Compton hip-hop artists， and they are wrapping and talking about。

 their lives living on the street， and people were saying they're promoting violence。

 but what we're trying to do is just trying to， share their circumstance。

 so people understand who they're coming from， and do it in an artistic way。

 in our situation we're trying to educate people， in terms of how to pick up girls。

 and trying to do them in a positive way as well， I think when people start realizing who we are。

 we've got our message out there， it'll be stronger， it'll grow， it'll hit that global influence。

 so that our mainstream， the image we have in the mainstream。

 will be an image that is more in our control。