# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：6激情_06. Passion​--十大赠品微信156066050

我一直有多大的 passion for the interactions of social dynamics and picking up girls and the adventures of seduction and dating life scene。

我真的不太想 actualize that you can actually turn it into a transferable learnable skill set that I truly got a gulf with it。

我一直有很大的 passion for romance and romance， the drama， the excitement， the adventure， the sex。

 the appeal of it all was always something that passed me， I think it is the most meant。

 more than anything I love the game， the process， the things that you have to learn to really understand a social matrix of how people react when you say certain things。

 do certain things， and try to experiment with the world，我看了一部影片， but with real people。

 seeing how people react to different life situations， situations that you see in the movies。

 situations that you create for yourself and ventures that you create for yourself and situations that are even crazier than the movies。

 As a result that passion has always carried forward in two-way social dynamics because everyone feels that。

 every single one is the challenge that you face is carrying that passion that you have for a pick-up which brought you two real social dynamics。

 into all the other areas of your life， for example， in the business world many of us have a job。

 how do you love your job， how do you find that passion。

 first and foremost my job is one of our passions，the passions of the game。

and social dynamics and picking up and dating beautiful girls。

at the same time other people they don't craft that job。

ideally though you do find a job where you can find that passion。

ideally you're not just finding a job where just making money。

but if it is something that is not like passionate to you。

 like for example let's say it's your job is to sell pillows。

 imagine most people don't love pillows so much to work over a pillow company。

 just because their lover pillows are so grand， and they are such a much passion for it。

 well if you can find passion for the way you do your job in your business。

 whether it's the passion for the flaring for a nest of sales。

 of it or the passion of the process of the analytics behind。

 working strategic finance and stuff like that， but the passions within your job and the creativity and innovation win it。

 in it to win is the way to get that passion and share it。

 you also should share that passion in all the most important areas of life。

 especially when you're with a significant other， a partner in a deep a meaningful romantic relationship。

 those things are so deep so important that by carrying that passion forward into that。

 it'll be contagious， it'll be also what adds a fair to that passionate sex life。

 to that relationship life so that your love life is more than just， a typical like over together。

 that are for a week's deep together we will then eat together and we'll hang out each other。

 but if you actually have that emotional fitness， your sex life will be much more exciting。

 and also your goals and your conversations and your time with your partner will be more exciting。

 usually affect most of every other aspect of life especially when you're in for the long haul。

 and you spend most of your time with a partner， and that partner is your best friend。

 because most of the time you're with a life partner， who is your best friend。

 who is going to be your best friend if they're not your best friend。

 if it's in the beginning of a new long-term relationship。

 but that passion is what allows that thing to blossom， that relationship to blossom。

 also carrying that forward into your family， the passions I have in my life revolve。

 deeply around my family because my family has been。

 the most important influence in my life has inspired me。

 to develop a hardcore work ethic to inspire me to get the way deep we successful in business。

 has inspired my educational outlook， my passions in hobbies and like video games。

 computers technology， and what have you and business。

 and also there are the people that I know will be with me because you're blood。

 but then again I kind of adopt friends， co-friends into that family。

 because I love my co-sus friends as if my family， in fact most people will spend more times with their friends than their family。

 because those are the people that have that， freedom or common interests。

 sometimes your family may not have that common interest that you have to do certain thing。

 maybe also they're not your co-workers and your friends。

 are often your co-workers and they're spending more time with you at work。

 and as a result you might be spending more time with your co-workers and your friends than your family。

 most people do that， and as a result you might have passion for them。

 you find out what they're passionate about and share that passion and grow it。

 I think passion is really just a way of explaining your innovation and excitement for。

 everything else in the world， the creative processes of what happens out there。

 some people appreciate and refer the mundane， that's because they're setting their ways but also usually those people aren't experiencing passion。

 you're experiencing more of what a Buddhist monk would feel。

 that calm like meditative like lack of high amounts of pleasure or high amounts of pain。

 what we're talking about true passion and excitement。

 you'll experience that fiery passion when things go right。

 when things go wrong either way your emotions will stay strong。

 and that will also really help in game because game is about using passionate，。

 flaring rhythm of what you feel in life and what you believe in life。

 to excite the other person around these inflict emotions on them， positive or negative。

 you get a reaction out of them and using that reaction to lead interaction。

 in a direction that is conducive to what you're interested in。

 your social life and that person in fact your social life。

 whether it's going to be for dating or it's going to be just for friendship。

 and sharing crazy fun adventures， but striking that emotional chord is always powerful。

 I think passion also will lead to strong ambitions， because ambitions for success and business。

 have to come from that motivation of emotions， we created a channel called RSD Motivation on YouTube。

 so we took a site that passionate motivation， because some people are just not taking action。

 that action is the striking of the match， you're lighting it and then action is taken。

 so difficult to get out of a rut， when you're just stuck in a rut and you're not interested in doing things。

 and you just feel like well to get out of the rut， maybe just lie around with accent chill。

 when the truth is the biggest thing you need to do。

 is actually just go out there and passionately take action。

 and having that single-minded focus that what you're doing。

 is going to necessitate and that's what you're going to do。

 is something that you need to focus on until you're actually done， and get done with it。

 go all the way and not give up and just keep pushing forward。

 because a lot of people will get involved with something， they won't have a single-minded focus。

 they'll just start something and never finish it， and that's so sad， so pathetic and so bad。

 yet if you just finish it go all the way， even if it's tough。

 even if you're feeling pain while doing it， that where。

 that passion for knowing that there's a light， and the tunnel and getting that hope is more exciting。

 in fact when you finish those things that are tougher， you get more excitement， more value。

 more happiness from it， then those things that were easy to get。

 so appreciate those things that are tougher， and have a passion for that have the strong emotions。

 but then at the same time know when you should have the ability to chill。

 and have a strong ability to chill， especially when you need it。

 sometimes you might be too passionate about something。

 something that is an issue that is how are you sensitive。

 maybe something that you feel has high importance on your success in life。

 and you're relying on it so much， in which case you just need to chill out。

 you just need to chill completely out， relax your emotions。

 remove it and even though you have that passion deep inside of you。

 put the emotions around it on hold， and let it out when you can， that's a huge challenge as well。

 but noting when， how， to harness that， you know that is a really powerful ability。

 it's something that you need to learn， some people will need to research how to follow up on your。

 emotional control of your passions， but more importantly people will don't even follow up on what they're truly passionate about。

 and they also don't hang out with people who share the same passions as them。

 but even the weirdest passions， like I've seen people that were really interested in dressing up。

 like video game characters as a passion， people who hang out together and they're so passionate about they get turned into。

 a huge event I know that there are people that do this so much so that they。

 turn it into a convention which is like hundreds if not thousands these people。

 meaning up on a regular basis they're going on traveling into。

 ranger pan together and crazy adventures， people do that for even more esoteric things like guns。

 but whatever your passions are， by sharing with people who are also sharing those passions with you。

 will convey so much more you can build things I mean by having。

 esoteric things like how to pick up girls having all these people share。

 all these passions about in a very glamorous and entertaining and fun way。

 has allowed us to create rsd it's amazing whereas opposed to some people who。

 used to just write books about it in a very boring way without any passion。

 and it just kind of like sparkles out into nothingness。

 and that's how an industry was created that's how a movement was created。

 and that's what passions are passions are the conversion of emotions。

 into something that could be transformed into a movement and that's the most。

 powerful thing you could possibly do that's why， following your passions expressing your passions knowing how to harness that。

 emotion is the basis foundation and premise， of all motivation and that is basically the first thing you do for getting。

 success in anything in your life social dating or business。