# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：10.主要行业问题与RSD的成功_10. Major Industry Issues Vs RSD Success​​--十大赠品微信156066050

提 question from many students， especially people that have been following the industry。。

 The industry of pickup artists and PEA will wonder，。

 how was RSD able to transform itself into the largest dating company。

 for dating coaching in the world，， yet all these utter competitors from all over the world that used to be poppers。

 magically disappear。， The average competitor in our industry usually dies after about 18 months，。

 or they'll just fade into their existence of being a one man company。

 that generates a normal middle class income that they could have gotten。

 from just working at their local Starbucks。， And the reason why is because RSD does things way differently。

， We have also way more talent in terms of business administration and content。

 in most other companies。， The idea of creating an interchangeable team of people。

 that do cross promotional， cross functional roles。

 is extremely difficult and complex and sophisticated to do，。

 especially when you're doing it on a global scale。， On the other hand。

 it's also because we have the best content。， It's a gold standard。。

 We're always doing our content from the field。， It's not like we're rehearsing and memorizing material。

， Everything we're kind of saying，， but most part is off the cuff from what we learn from the field。。

 And so ingrained into our memory and our thought process，， it's just that when we're in seminar，。

 it's kind of like just creating multiple versions of what to say，。

 what to do and just having a finite amount of time to say it。。

 And so you're just trying to claim as much information as you can， in that finite amount of time。。

 I remember that 10 years ago， Tire， you used to tell me，， and he just had so much content。。

 I was like watching the movie Star Wars，， the introduction to it where you see the words coming down the screen。

， And you can see the words coming。， Now for him， it's like having that time's tour。。

 You have two different split screens。， And you get a full information from one screen。

 and one information from the other。， And he has so much information。。

 And our instructors are all learning about how to do that， by just hitting the field。

 having massive amounts of content，， having a team and resources to support them。。

 So you could have that singular focus， on creating this awesome content and transferring it to you。。

 The other thing is RSD has been going to be at the competitors。

 because it's the individualized attention that we get people。。

 Very personalized when you create a boot camp，， with the low one to one， two to one，。

 or three to one maximum ratio。， And have a situation where you can actually talk to the gurus。

 directly on a frequent basis， as opposed to just， writing a book， putting it out there，。

 maybe having a large group seminar for like $10， and having a 10，000 people show up。。

 We have much smaller groups。， We have much more interactive possibilities。。

 Everything from one-on-one webinar coaching， to one-on-one seminar time to look small group sessions。

 and additions to the large group sessions。， That's pretty individualized。。

 We've done that because we found that if you changed， these ratios。

 the ability to transfer information， is way more difficult to take from our head。

 and transfer it into a student， and have them actually get the results that he wants to get。。

 And for us， a company that's spent almost no money， on marketing and advertising expenditures。

 are then like AV here， of course， and they're personnel。。

 Like it's being mass amounts of money on ads。， It's because we rely on that word of mouth， goodwill。

， that's developed from having clients，， get mass with success， ensuring with their friends。

 in their hometown， they go home，， and ensuring that they have talents。。

 Our guys have the most talent。， Our guys have the most ability to transfer。

 that high talent to others。， So if you look at our students，。

 and you compare the students from other companies， in our industry。

 you'll notice that they're usually， like the cool guys。， They're not dressed in some weird way。

 or trying to do some gimmick， like using hypnosis or magic。。

 They're guys who are just trying to convey the coolest aspects， of who they are in the right way，。

 understanding the social dynamics，， getting results and carrying these same skills。

 to all aspects of their business。， So they're like an ultimate guy。。

 They're like a guy that guys want to hang out with。， The guys， this is successful。

 and beautiful girls want to hang out with。， And I think that's a very unique talent to do。

 to train people to become these kind of guys。， Image consultants have been trying to do this for years。

， and we've been doing this as pickup artists，， doing the exact same thing，。

 and doing it in a much deeper，， more profound and meaningful way。

 for the lives of our clients and students。， So we do that through sharing not just the paid content。

， making sure that our guys have to follow up， for their rest of their lives。

 with massive amounts of free content。， In fact， our free content，， according to our competitors，。

 because I don't really view their content，， but I have had tons of competitors。

 apply for jobs for us。， And tell us that they want to work with us，。

 because our free content is better than their paid content。。

 And they don't know how that's possible， that we're able to give away so much value for free，。

 pass the buck on that free line to those students。， So they would go into our paid programs，。

 realize， oh， wow，， if these guys is free content， this could，， let's check out their paid content。

 and see how I can take myself， to even hire a next level。， And also because people，。

 when they get involved with our programs，， we keep track of those students。。

 And they get a little feather in the cap。， And the students that buy the most。

 can buy the special opportunities， that our students don't get。。

 There might be a time in the future， where they can even participate in programs。

 that aren't even made published， and public to the future，， because we know who these people。

 are based upon their history。， And that's definitely happening， in small ways now，。

 and much larger ways in the future。， The thing is，， we want to make a situation。

 where our paid experiences， can't just be like， shared with other people，， like buying a DVD。

 and then sharing with all your friends。， So a lot of the things we'll have。

 will be opportunities to actually interact with us。， For example， if you sign up for a boot camp，。

 it's not like you just video recorded， and you shared the videos with people。。

 And they will have that life experience that they've had。， You know。

 it's a toy different experience。， It's like when you used to buy CDs。

 from an artist as opposed to going to their concert。， Yeah。

 you could share the music on iTunes and YouTube，， but going to see that concert live。

 and being a part of a community， and feeling the music， and having that feeling。

 of being there with the people， that you've been celebrating with。。

 You're celebrating your moments in life with， just for the rhythms of their beats。。

 It's just a toy different experience。， But monitoring our most loyal customers。

 and persons also not just led to that，， but also led to us contacting these guys。

 for opportunities to be VIP hosts。， When we come to certain cities，， when we come to certain cities。

， we'll contact some more most loyal customers， and say， hey， there's an opportunity。

 for you to volunteer for a program。， Or， hey， we're coming here for a boot camp。。

 We'd love to have you get involved。， Or， hey， we're looking for leaders。

 within the RSD and our circle community， or people that become potential interns，， part payroll。

 part of a certain job。， We'll get to know the people that are our customers，。

 especially from the live programs。， And people that have studied a lot of our digital products。

 and people who would go to our live programs as well。， And they'll be more intelligent。

 in their conversations and questions。， Because when you come to our live programs，。

 we're always open to Q&A，， we're really interested in getting to know our customers。。

 And while you usually ask you questions as well，， to find out that you guys better。

 so can improve upon our content。， Because only regular communication， with our client base。

 with any client base，， is how a successful business， would know how to improve their product，。

 how to improve their program，， know what they want。。

 I know for sure there's no way I would have created， this program that I'm creating right now。。

 If it wasn't for the fact that TIDAR， was reaching out to our customer base。

 and finding out that they wanted to actually， learn and interact with me。， And as a result。

 that's why we're here today。， You can't also stand at cutting edge of technology。。

 When you're involved with anything，， things change， time change，， technology changes。

 the way you pick up girls， will change from culture，， from technology， from social resources，。

 from the media， from any number of various things。， And we're always studying，。

 we're always in the field，， we're always changing all the different things， in our lives，。

 as a result，， we're always on the cutting edge。， Most people don't do that。。

 A lot of people will even just try to， like copy old stuff that we used to publish，。

 rehash it and think that，， oh， our client base will now be successful。

 and they'll be interested in buying my products， and it never works。。

 Because people want to learn from innovators，， people who are always constantly commuting new stuff。

， It's extremely rare to be RSD，， to be able to pump out new content， every day of the week。

 all year round， in videos，， putting them on our destination，， putting them on the YouTube channels。

 and putting it out there， in organized products with systems。， It's almost impossible。

 for almost any publishing house to do that，， as a result， they have to externally get authors。

 or people that they may or may not even be a part of influencing。。

 Whereas we create this a tight team， of guys that we believe are extremely smart。。

 Though many geniuses everywhere， that can just create massive amounts of content。， We code approach。

 we network。， We do the real thing that we want to teach our clients。。

 Because we believe that the value， of having that skill set， is so strong and so valuable。

 and so life-altering and life-changing， that it is the most important thing。。

 It is the thing that will change your life， in every aspect，， your dating and life，。

 your business life， your social life。， It is the most profound emotional thing。

 is also the thing that will affect your inner game， and your belief system。。

 That's why I believe that it was so important， to also remind people。

 that the skills you learn and pick up， really aren't just for pick up。。

 A lot of people will get like a relationship， or maybe they'll get married。

 and they'll just totally forget about RSD。， But they'll forget that the skills。

 that they learn from all of this， can be applied to all sorts of other aspects of their life。。

 I want to create that lifetime customer value， and make it longer。， I want to create the scale。

 so you guys can realize， that this is the true path， of why we created RSD，， real social dynamics，。

 not data dynamics，， real social dynamics，， because this is the original game plan of this company。。

 And as we mature，， we finalize and firm up， the infrastructure， for the pickup。

 and dating parts of this business。， You're going to see this go deeper。

 and deeper into these other aspects， of how in the long run， your life can change。

 from using the skills， that you've learned， who's following us， to the years that comes。

。