# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第6周-RSD麦克斯（自然游戏）_Week 6 - RSD Max (Natural Game)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

我来到纡社朗荬我，我们有晚上，我们判断一个，登场，我爱这 project，是五开剧 nightmare，这里很多汽车碰到在此，用到了手叶，这一点拍 watching，那真是啊，我没想 Saiyata。

 sayin堵屁火，很Dear Son，真的很长，是自取自当桑莫斯行，我还 sensing，在个岁没有，想象，你这里应该终于合影演，你爱好，什么意思，你 living in the ocean。

我是導演導演的，即使我在現場見到社交通川，真的像人員 veee，意外的著名，也覺得是普通行譚乱，然後就是這麼思想，它佔好參謀，應該不要向彈劃，一點點，然後想說，它會一旦多點，就會讓這本收障。

就是说 Walter，我們 ThouFind out，那個是，你的性命，能投胚度，你的性命，这就是，令你建立 das，的讼跟你说，是给人铞�，我是CLucy，ulu，成为LEW，Chul。

而且是叫做银鋼鋼鋼鋼，那是你感到的，是否有很不容易的，我只能在意，我会做一些返手，所以那是什么东西，好，好，然后你感到现在呢，我感到现在呢，对，对，我说了 刚刚刚说了，我现在有两年。

那是我的网友节 Breakthrough，有啥，有啥，Yeah，我要传播好， zusammen，明明你公司，人家比你大，所以，第3種有吃點呢，一個偷一點麵， Man。

 there is nothing more attractive if you can do for a girl，， than being wealth-traveled guy。

 that is seeing a lot who has been through a lot， this is like in the redes，， wood quite awesome。

 making a new color， and there is nothing more attractive if you can do it for a girl。

 than being a well traveler， that has seen a lot who has been through a lot。

 and that has created a lot of cool things， What story and kind of progression， I mean， I haveантиx—。

 I have learned so many things， Just being pretty exposed to the outside of your comfort zone constantly。

 you know，你去到 Same gym，你去 meet the same people，所以你的 brain，就在。。。，就是在我身上，在我身上，你不太能够，在你身上，每一天，我们在我身上。

在我身上，你的 brain，就是在我身上，只是一天，但是在我身上，就是在我身上，就是在我身上，的脆弱，脆弱，你脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱。

脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱，脆弱。

脆弱，脆弱，他不太感受，我希望他能感受我，然后那些女生都不太感受，那是个最好的企业的企业，企业的企业，我还在这两年，你有一条电话叫做企业，可以告诉我们一条企业的企业吗，是的企业的企业，是企业的企业。

我为什么要在企业的企业呢，因为如果有企业企业的企业，企业的企业，企业的企业，就说说就说是很好的企业，就是把企业企业的企业。

这些企业比例 Because for a guy who has been long way to game。

但是 There are people who are more of a hard case， For a guy who is just starting out。

 If you tell this guy is just cool， he has no idea what to do， he is like， OK， I can be cool。

 but what do I say， what do this， So what I wanted to do with the natural。

 is I wanted to tackle it from both sides， I wanted to take all these advanced guys。

 that are super advanced， that are that are getting a lot of girls， but they are feeling ok。

 they are a little bit on the edge，怎么知道你只生藏音乐，对那么多现在，又次封了，美良，所以我超級失敗的，那是英文的，每一ete個影片都沒有，心胤我忘記審查。

就說他沒心想，那他們就開始想，所以說接著他出來，然後我就說，行動招呼，做這個，我在 journalist，他在那天，這次問，那是第3 第4 出現了，那是商業，所以你看完所有的東西，你能看見的。

你能看見的，你能看見的，現在你能接受我們，我們能看見的，你能看見的，你能看見的，你能看見的，那是在那些人的，我就是在香港，我看見的，我看見的，我看見的，我看見的，我看見的，我看見的，我看見的，我看見的。

我看見的，我看見的，我看見的，我看見的，我很想，我看一下，你能看見的，我看見你的，你能看見的，你能看見的，我看見你的，謝謝，謝謝，謝謝，岸，岸，岸族，岸，岸，岸，岸運，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸。

岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，岸，OK some other guys got it some other guys did。

 some other guys needed to believe it right， so i demonstrated them for them。

 some other guys need to believe it， and then they needed a practice it。

 and then they needed the feedback， so i was basically doing what。

 i was basically emanating with the natural， what i've been doing in the field， for a very long time。

 so it's actually very close to one-on-one bootcamp， so if you live in。

 i don't know i place remotely from anything， and you can't get to an RSC bootcamp。

 the natural is a very good choice， because it's very very similar。

 it's almost like i'm coaching you yourself， how much of it is actual insights， versus mindsets， um。。

。， i would say， it's difficult to say because it depends on what， what chapter you're in right。

 so if you're newbie out obviously tell you， ok go to the chapter one start with there。

 so the first chapters are a lot about mindsets， a lot about inner game。

 because we need what i felt when i was coaching the guys， is i could tell them what to do。

 and i could talk， have them talk to girls and things like that。

 but it didn't have much of an impact， because their brain was just completely wired differently。

 it was socially conditioned way too much， you know like oh it's all about looks and money。

 and it got to be a gentle mind and things like that， so in the first chapter we're literally。

 gonna rewire your brain， from scratch， right， so we got to detoxify you。

 i think i'm even saying detoxifying in the natural， detoxifying you。

 sorry from all the mainstream thinking， from all the thoughts that are holding you yourself back。

 right because you're your greatest enemy， how do you like how do you like to say。

 so in the first chapter there's a lot about inner game， it's a lot about societal structures。

 and social dynamics behind regular interactions， so you know how you can turn those into yours。

 then the middle chapter for the intermediate kind of things。

 and i have to say too if you're advanced， definitely check out every chapter too。

 because there's always things that you've been missing out you know。

 so in the middle chapter there's a lot about verbal structure。

 now how to never run out of things to say， my game is heavily verbally based。

 and i personally think， let me talk to girl for 10 minutes she's gonna sleep with me。

 i have such faith in my in my verbal game and i'm gonna， i'm gonna show that in the natural as well。

 with verbal drills with infield footage， obviously there's a lot about physicality too。

 how to read the girls physical from a physical stamp on。

 when is she ready to be kissed when is she ready to be escalated on。

 how to have her escalated and you， how to have super super good calibration。

 so you never come across as like the pickup guy right。

 and then the last chapter is basically taking all these training wheels， that we've been given you。

 um and we'll we'll strip them off， we'll strip all the game aspect off。

 that has been molding you that have been shizzling you。

 and uh what's left is the core the natural core right。

 and then once you've went went through the program， and you're in the later chapters。

 that's where you can truly learn okay shit， i i am myself i'm a great person you find self-love。

 it's going full circle and uh we also had a tons of chapters about。

 lifestyle development wingmanship how to be social person social circle game。

 i'm a little bit of text game too right because you're going to be a lot。

 on your phone forget all these girls numbers so i had a text game phone game。

 all that it's basically going full circle so， you check out the natural and then you're like all right now i have everything。

 that i need um to get a lot of cool friends and become a cool person to。

 become a charismatic person to get a， fuck tons of girls uh to know how to pull a girl from day game。

 night game um online game everything just basically whenever you see a。

 beautiful woman you don't have to be afraid anymore。

 you don't have to run out of things anymore you can walk out confidently and。

 you know try to make something cool happen， now you're a mentor and not just in terms of the natural but um boot camps。

 in live programs and you create this curriculum because you're massive。

 experience in working with clients and having that mentorship experience a。

 lot of people are always wondering what's in the mind of a mentor when。

 they meet a student because a lot of the students are wondering you know how。

 do i get the right mentor how do i attract the mentor yeah and like what。

 the mentor thinks when he meets the student and what his goals are。

 yeah the students will have goals and they'll share them with you。

 true but you actually have goals when you meet the students and sometimes even。

 before you meet students yeah what are your goals when you meet your。

 students i mean definitely so so the way the way we。

 meeting our students right i get an email a day or two ahead。

 where they already um answered a bunch of questions that our team sends them。

 to the sends them to me so i have a little bit of a view already like okay。

 this guy he wants because some guys are like oh i just want to sleep with a lot。

 of women other guys like i want to get a girlfriend right so i have a little。

 bit of a preview of what the student is going to be like but many times it's。

 always going to be completely different when the person shows up in real。

 life because many times they don't they think their problem is something。

 specific but you can see that this is not their problem something else is。

 right so they they're lacking self-reflection sometimes we all do we all。

 lack lack self-reflection the first thing that i notice about these。

 students is um i would say it takes me five to ten seconds to。

 already like get 80% of their sticking points just like the way they say。

 hide them you know they can't hold eye contact like hey how's it going to。

 know okay boom eye contact they don't talk loud enough they're very。

 invasive uh or too much of uh of a body language so i see that very quickly。

 very very quickly and then what i do is in the first。

 and the first half an hour hour i want to get to know those clients so i。

 asked them specific question how long have you been going out。

 what's the experience with the women what are you expecting from this boot camp。

 what do you think are you sticking points and then i just see okay just from。

 what he thinks our sticking points are and what i see how all this is。

 self-awareness and things like that and then obviously we go in the field。

 very very quickly and uh because many guys are confident with you because they。

 know you from youtube and stuff but they're like the complete。

 confidence with a strange woman that they just met so you know you expose。

 their sticking points right away and then you know we'll fix them。

 that's very cool i think that a lot of the things that you've taught is。

 also because you're understanding and you have， calibration with the relationships to form quickly with students。

 because you've done so much also not just with students with women with。

 girls with girls now when you're interacting with the woman。

 how is your interactions different when you're interacting with say。

 students or interaction with people for business， yeah i mean i mean the relationship is different right so if i mean a client。

 this guy's paying money to get my to get my my view on life right to get my。

 advice a girl's not going to do that so when i see a girl。

 i don't know being socially uncalibrated or like drinking alcohol。

 i'm like all right you do your thing right but if i see a student that。

 i don't drink alcohol alcohol on my program because you want to get good sober。

 right so the relationship is a little different but um。

 all in all my behavior is not very different i'm still always trying to be。

 the same person i'm trying to be as congruent as possible and。

 and i always think it's a very very nice compliment when people um。

 they know me from youtube from a year or two of watching my stuff and they meet me。

 person that i do you exactly like your in the videos。

 that's a very nice compliment because you you probably noticed that as well now。

 it is a little different when you have to act in front of a camera right and。

 you have to like get to get used to it so my number one goal when i do a。

 video blog when i'm in video is not necessarily to look as cool as possible。

 i'm trying to be as congruent as possible so if i'm tired。

 i'm just tired you know there's there's no no reason to act all hyper。

 so i'm trying to be as congruent as possible with that and i'll do the same with。

 girls and with my clients so if i'm pissed i'm pissed if i'm super happy。

 super happy well most of the time you seem to have this appearance。

 of super happiness because when you're not happy， yeah you have this uh energy that's great thank you。

 it's a charisma see i do a lot of comments， and people will say nick well at least when i first created my channel i was。

 just warming up to create my video presence nick get that charisma like max。

 i love it you know i mean a big a big part i have to say。

 is because i'm living my dream there's i love what i do i。

 fucking love it i love every single second of it you know so。

 i guess if i would work a boring nine to five job that i hate to the gods。

 i wouldn't be that charismatic but you know everything i do with rsd is。

 just the best thing that's ever happened to me and and and you know when i。

 started working with rsd it was it was tough at， beginning you know what everybody has a very time when they start with us。

 because we're a very high quality um company you know so when i started as an。

 assisted pro god of my mind on paid internship i， loved it because i'm like i'm on that path that i always wanted to be on。

 and uh you know that i became an instructor and things just got better and。

 every freaking year every freaking day just gets better than the last one。

 and and and it's really this like the fact that i could confidently say。

 i am doing just what i want to do there's nothing i have to go through right。

 now um in order to do what i ultimately want to do i am doing what i。

 ultimately want to do i just love it every day i go to bed and i'm like sick day。

 i just can't wait to wake up tomorrow and every day i wake up and i'm like。

 let's create videos let's go talk to girls let's go teach guys um i really。

 fucking love it and and i think that's also a big reason why my why my uh why。

 my brand is doing so well because i'm not a dude who。

 tries to to brush his ego i mean maybe a part of me wants to i'm not a dude who。

 who wants to scam people and to give me money i'm a dude who who。

 likes what he does i'm a dude who would do that shit for free now i should not。

 tie with you that i would do this for free you know i don't care。

 i was always i have a we did for quite a long time actually did for a while。

 i did yeah and even there again i was happy man i was like dude i'm on my。

 past i'm doing what i love and if i die tomorrow i will die a very happy。

 man yeah we created a program where people have to put in a。

 work they they value the relationship more exactly the。

 opportunity process it's very true yeah and once you invest your time and。

 resources and intelligence and you'll value more and。

 launch them now you have that value and that passion。

 what is your motivation now um you know you always have it's funny because i。

 said i just i reached my goal right so you find new girls you find new girls。

 and it took me a while to find a new girl so what i want to do。

 ultimately i'm 26 now i'm i consider myself still pretty young even though i。

 feel my body's getting old i can see yourself pretty young as well yeah yeah。

 um so i definitely want to grow my brand more more more more more like right。

 now it's it's crazy because when i was 24 i was a lot more focused on girls。

 i'm still focused on girls i love i love women i love girls i want to have。

 around myself with as many beautiful women as possible but um my focus is a。

 lot more on business side right now as well just growing my。

 channel getting on all the social media as you know。

 facebook instagram twitter snapchat i post multiple times a day on these。

 things youtube obviously um so it's even like like sometimes i had the。

 i have a choice to like when like a beautiful girl。

 asks me out on the day she's like anyone hang out。

 and like i find myself more than once now say uh actually i prefer to hustle。

 and that's cool so i i leverage i leverage that hustle phase。

 and you know probably maybe after this world tour i get it。

 i maybe told it a little bit back on the hustle and hang out with more girls。

 chill a little bit more i don't know but overall my my motivation right now is。

 just grow more grow more grow more i'm hungry i'm freaking hungry。

 and i'm not saturated yet that's good i mean i was talking yesterday to a billionaire。

 wow i did interview with him and he was talking to me about how。

 if you want to really get that hustle phase you got to be uh。

 young and broken full of passion and ambition that's what he's looking for。

 for people in his company that drive it's super true i know but we all。

 putting that work when you're young broke poor and ambitious。

 and we were we've i've definitely done that billionaires company crashing。

 and couched trying to learn yeah you start moving your life and focus on。

 those other things like right now you're focusing on the business。

 building as opposed to just the pure hustle i'm building that brand。

 yeah but uh you now have that brand it's growing it's gone really really fast。

 yeah but uh you also look at someone like myself i created a youtube。

 channel because the hustle i've done in the past and that within one。

 month that youtube channel number of views i'm getting is just as high as。

 almost every other instructor yeah has been hustling but that's because i've。

 been doing this for over a decade very true and i think nothing teaches you。

 more than then hustling hard like you said crashing and floors and。

 it's just it's just what it does it's it's kind of blurring out。

 the bullshit around it because well what do many 25 22 21。

 year olds deal with like oh my god my phone died my car has a scratch you。

 know all these minor little things but when you're crashing on floors building。

 hustling your ass off all those things blur out you don't give a shit about。

 any of that all you give a shit about is is creating creating creating。

 doing more doing more doing more so it helps you with a focus it really helps。

 you that i remember my tour my tour reminds me of your tour。

 because i did a global tour for quite a long time especially the first six。

 months of my tour yeah because in that six months i did 270 cities 70。

 countries you know how i created that tour no i took out the map in the back。

 of american united delta magazine and i googled the cities。

 didn't know what mothas are the more because they're loving in。

 ashle cities i was used to travel back then and any city that had a。

 population over half a million i put on the schedule and a date and a sign。

 of putt and i went to all of one to three of them a day which was the best。

 well i have uh the best in this sense of different things for example i love。

 London because you get a ton of students yeah great places for。

 college i was just there and created the max manifesto。

 the people always come out they appreciate it so yeah that's why i like it too。

 and one of the places that i consider one of the best is the place i didn't。

 get to explore that much i was only there for one day okay and i wasn't even。

 there for like a four twenty four hours but i was so memorable as like an。

 adult disney man it was prog oh yeah oh yeah i did a program that last。

 year loved it it's beautiful whenever i went to a city i was looking for。

 three things one i was looking for places where i could tell my clients to。

 go into the field and then i sent them into the field because back in the。

 day the hot the free tour was created by me it was a four-hour。

 free tour where i stopped for an hour and i sent my students in the。

 field for an hour and a half oh damn i would secretly record them。

 break down the videos and give a seminar afterwards no record every single。

 event because sometimes my students were so many that have to send them out。

 to different venues yeah so i had them sometimes record each。

 other and then share the video it was a lot of fun uh-huh i didn't even know。

 about that and then the day after the tour i met my wife。

 oh no way where did you meet her i met her in park city for a board。

 advisor's trip because once a year i ran a mansion in park city。

 with the team of millionaire entrepreneurs and we just share advice。

 business family and personal cool i just business， well you've met my wife walking down the street。

 no way we're going to go to dinner and my friends they went into a bar i。

 said i don't want to go in that bar it looks like a really bad bar you're。

 going to come out like five minutes trust me yeah so during those five。

 minutes i saw her walking down the street and started a conversation with her。

 my friends came out i said joining us were dinner and she came。

 oh no way that's a success this is actually day game， day game yeah yeah i have no way。

 but she spent the rest of the night hanging out with。

 six six so and i got married yeah and you play you had an orchestra。

 playing Legend of Zelda you're waiting on uh i had an orchestra。

 playing a Legend of Zelda that i got from New York to my house because once。

 so month and Harvard there's this really intellectual community of。

 students yeah and i'd love the networking， capability i love intellectual conversations or。

 stimuli just love having people from businesses， in academia and even to students that are really intelligent。

 sharing stories yeah so what i did is i organized a month we party with a。

 theme so one month i organized a Legend of Zelda theme。

 where i got everything from etti that said to Legend of Zelda and bought a。

 hundred percent of it and made my house into the lost woods。

 damn and i had an orchestra play the music from the video game and a chef。

 create the food from the game chicken， potions and flavors oh man and it was it was cool。

 you got to invite me to one of those i'm totally down do you do。

 Star Wars yet i haven't done Star Wars now that is a good idea。

 all the pit that has a theme party totally i'll bring the the Kyler Red Mask。

 yeah you know there is a chance for us to have a Star Wars party in Vegas。

 there's actually a suite in Vegas a high-roar suite for Star Wars。

 no i thought it'd be a cool place to do events because i love events as a。

 networking tool yeah for business and socially yeah definitely。

 you know i'm down and stew on Vegas my main thing now is organizing smaller events。

 though because some of these events we were talking about are large okay。

 hundreds of people i've been attracted more to like one or two。

 dozen people or smaller events so i've been doing a lot more tastings and。

 networking gatherings and that kind of thing yeah network better with with a。

 smaller crowd that's true i like that too on free tours people i always ask。

 would you like the bigger free tours because i've you know spog in front of。

 five hundred six hundred people in places like New York， London， LA。

 but i've also had i actually when i came more doing free tours。

 rz was pretty big already so i never really had smaller free tours i think。

 below 70 people i never really had that but even there those smaller。

 free tours with 70 people those are chill too because i get to sit on a chair。

 i face them i'm not up on a big stage you know and there's usually great back。

 and forth i have to say um we at rz as a company as well as individuals。

 the instructors we all grew but i also think our supporters grew a lot as well。

 like like those guys seem to be smarter than they used to be two years ago。

 they used to be they get better results in everything。

 and it's cool like sometimes these free tours it's not just me monologuing it's。

 really like me chatting back and forth with the guys that are coming to the。

 free tour or the girls there's more girls coming now too which is。

 absolutely fantastic so it's really cool to see that that that what we're。

 doing is actually having influence on the people that are following us and。

 that's really really great because we're all kind of like creating this。

 blurb what everybody's learning from each other and together we just。

 grow a lot more and then we would do individually that's why we create rst。

 as a mastermind group because the power of mastermind group and mentorship。

 isn't just between students also between peers exactly that's why i do it for。

 that board of advisors in park city where i met my wife that's why we create rst。

 because toddler could have created his own solo company exactly and at first。

 he might make more money but in the long run he'll make more money more。

 influence more impact in the world and have that power our team you can't。

 penetrate the mainstream in the same way as a team without team as a solo。

 person one hundred percent and what actually， fascinated me a lot with because he mentioned Tyler is he's a guy who's。

 how long has he been in the game now 16 years or something and you know like。

 many people consider him like the best at what he does and he's definitely。

 up there but what he still does he's never too good to ask questions。

 himself like i remember um i met when i when i came back from my first。

 world tour um last year pretty much one year ago and i hung out with him he。

 asked me about a hey max how do you do day game how would you approach。

 disco how would you approach acle and for me it was funny because i'm like oh。

 wow the great Tyler is asking me questions he's been in the game for long。

 for a lot longer than i have but but it's it's really this humbleness。

 that that makes him so good at what he does he's like all right i've been doing。

 this longer than many other people in the world i've been doing a lot more。

 successfully but why the hell would i not ask max a question。

 so i could even get value since really like you got to be as humble as。

 possible to let that grow with happening because if you just sit back and enjoy。

 that you're number one somebody's gonna take that away from you at some point。

 unless you always humble enough to be open mind enough to grow from people that。

 are actually a little less experienced because you can still get great。

 lessons from those guys absolutely the cool thing about Tyler is that he's not。

 just a good pick-up artist in business his vision as like the chairman of the。

 board of our company is like a five to ten year in the future game plan that。

 is very very beautiful i remember like even just two years ago he said you。

 know what we need to do we need to create video teams for each instructor。

 now we have these amazing youtube videos that he said we need to get this。

 house this base of operations the place where you create higher content and。

 then allow me to grow and create programs now we have the hot cahom and then he's。

 now he's saying now we need to get these cheap level business people that we。

 brought into the fold and bring them into the business and have them operate。

 to manage things on cheap level and then we start getting guys to make。

 kale and Derek and stewards and all sorts of guys we're looking to。

 building on it's it's crazy like like just like you said division whenever。

 when i heard him first time saying exactly those things i was like he's crazy。

 Tyler has no idea it's it's it's it's it's crazy it's like board a line crazy。

 the ideas that he has because they're so out there and a year a couple months。

 two years later we execute them and it fucking works like when he was。

 for the first time like hey we should we should film with DSLR cameras you。

 know because we had the Sony handy cameras before they're all automated you。

 just press play and it works and then he's like guys we're gonna get we're。

 gonna get DSLR cameras and we started shooting with them we had no idea we lost。

 so much footage and everyone's like it's a dumb idea it's a dumb idea go back to。

 what works and he's like no everybody's gonna use DSLR cameras in a。

 couple years let's create that edge and now we do have that edge it was hard for。

 for every instructor to implement that with film teams and everything but now we。

 have that edge and he's just coming up with his ideas over and over again。

 and i always catch myself thinking that's insane but then it does work out。

 and it's fantastic yeah it's having a good visionary as a leader it's crazy。

 it's crazy to execute it it's totally crazy and and you know with all the。

 technology that's coming up now the VR and you do the 360 video with。

 360 degrees and all the live streaming it there's endless。

 possibilities for us for a company like us that is sharing knowledge you mean。

 you're doing a live stream all the time yeah yeah i've been doing live。

 streams for the last two two months now there are a little off right now。

 because i'm traveling because i have to get back into a time zone but yeah i。

 live stream on my phone i get my phone and i and i reach 200 300 400 people。

 and i'm sitting there that's absolutely fantastic you know two years ago。

 in order to get to 400 people would have to travel to New York book a seminar。

 room and everything i mean it's still a little different to be there in person。

 but it's absolutely humbling and mind-blowing to sit there at home。

 on in my garden and connect with four unre people。

 be interesting to see how to get turned into a free tour yeah definitely free yeah。

 i mean it had this character or anyone i did my live streams。

 at always at the same time more and more people would show up you know and you。

 kind of know the guys by their username and their avatar。

 and it's great it's like a little family and it's growing。

 i can totally see a guy like a join doing that in the UK in Australia， yeah yeah definitely。

 what if there's a way in geotargas the only people from the UK in Australia。

 can log into your screen， well at least you can do talking to the promotion for that。

 you can be okay it's only for these guys， well i mean what i did for example i did。

 i did live streams for specific groups for rz business group for example i'm。

 like hey hey guys today i talk about hustle， so i posted the link in there and i said i'm going to take questions only from。

 that group but it was still open for other groups so if anybody who's just。

 connected to my parisco would want to join but he's on the group he was very。

 welcome to do so as well so it's kind of possible。

 now you're all over snapchat oh yeah that is well yeah so tell me why。

 um well everybody's on snapchat right now and everybody's on pokemon go as。

 well so i'm trying to implement that i don't know how i will implement it i。

 just shot a video about that talking to girls while using pokemon go it。

 worked extremely well as a side note but everyone's on snapchat。

 so i was like well i'm going to be a snapchat i'm a big fan of a。

 Gary Vaynerchuk too you should do a video with him i just invited him to go。

 on a yacht with me in New York amazing but i mean i've known Gary。

 since rsd and his company was the same side oh no way。

 we were both million dollar companies back at the summit series。

 wow i love his stuff i watch all GaryVee stuff and i。

 calm down all his stuff to support and share it and he's all about snapchat too。

 and i have one percent trust and he knows what's up so i want。

 there's a high likelihood that i'm going to bring him down to vegas some time。

 that conversation with all amazing oh my god， i would be totally awestruck tell him starstruck。

 that'd be amazing so yeah these are get us snapchat's all out of the。

 snapchat and the engagement is crazy it's crazy， and the what do i go with snapchat it's just so easy you're just like。

 hey i'll be with you snapchat boom and a couple thousand people see it。

 it's amazing and it kind of teaches you to create this little micro content。

 right because what we're doing we instructors， we get good at ranting right you sit me in front of a 400 people crowd。

 for four hours i rant i don't stop i don't care， but what snapchat does is it says boy you're 15 seconds。

 better bring your point across so it kind of helps you a lot with getting。

 only getting a point getting a lot less ranty and just， doing the content within 15 seconds。

 makes it makes sense i just got on to that because i was at。

 tylopus's office now you went over snapchat there。

 and they have this thing called knowledge society。

 oh they have that knowledge society i saw the teachers。

 building i was doing interviews there and i got a snapchat because everyone's。

 like here's how you use snapchat nico it's get you a snapchat and they。

 want to snap me as like fine i'm gonna snap you back。

 thanks i got back on to it yeah and girls love it too i mean all these new。

 technologies even though snapchat's not necessarily new there's always new。

 visions new technologies new innovations yeah it's really important to get。

 on top of things then i think one of the cool things about rst is to have a。

 share those ideas so in the middle of summit on wednesday what we。

 organized is a special event where tyler is going to be teaching all the rst。

 instructors for a full day during summit instead of us having。

 crucial accountability crucial conversations we're going to be。

 canceling now we used to be did at the last event instead。

 tyler's going to be leading the group and having us all smash your mind。

 together say and during that day we had some， middle summit we're going to have no rst instructors speaking though we。

 instead we're going to bring in business and fitness superstars。

 and other superstars in the self-prooble world guys like regal garrer from。

 keynote body guys like a brand and Carter the hell to fit in his crew has。

 hundreds of thousands of people falling in bill wash the sales training。

 loving it loving these partners with the guys from the secret and for。

 microchairs hands in and i can all all sorts of interesting people so i guess。

 so much interesting for us because it's not just going to be a dating thing。

 it's going to be our first kind of move towards those events that are in。

 the general self-improvement process kind of like how rst founders club。

 is that first rst core product to try to get us to go into this new direction。

 how we have this love it channel that is whole holistic idea right and it's。

 true because you know in the core if you want to get better with girls。

 don't just work in your technique or your charisma work on your life get。

 your health handled right get your fitness and get your business and。

 get house-to-let the candle and then you're you're and now when you reach。

 all those things you're true keeper as a man right because the girls。

 okay he handles me well he's he's funny he's cool my friends like him he's。

 also hustling hard he also lives healthy he also meditates he's present he's。

 an extremely wise person man also need a whole package and that's great。

 and that's also why we're trying to more and more girls too with our stuff。

 because they're like all right these might be the pick-up artists but。

 their ideas are cool and they they they teach me how to be confident as a。

 woman as well as you know it's applicable for any gender well i've interviewed。

 tons and tons of millionaires and billionaires and you'll see many of them。

 on our matchmind Thursday channel my youtube channel so i've been asking。

 them what do you think about the concepts we're talking about in terms of。

 pick-up and how to apply to your business and the rest of your life and all。

 of them agree and I'm sure that's the exact same thing so i stop asking that。

 question all together because she's just proven because it's really。

 really building upon the relationship the calibration to the mindsets。

 and all those skills in networking sales and what have you are the。

 similar concepts for picking up girls just add law of its in different。

 environments or little things that might be different like culturally。

 different things yeah because you have the the bar versus like a boardroom and。

 that kind of stuff but all in all the calibration to social skills socializing。

 things and tips you can teach for that kind of stuff the same tips that we。

 would teach for all these different businesses and ideas。

 all percent agree my my mother is a psychotherapist and we'd love to have great。

 conversations whenever i'm at home you know when i'm there for Christmas we all。

 hang out in which ad and she's always like where do you。

 what how do you know all these things i studied those because she's studied。

 psychotherapy how do you know these things right i'm like it's game it's pick-up。

 it taught me the same things it's absolutely fascinating it's literally the same。

 stuff yeah you learn from the field as well and the thing is you're in the field。

 studying it as opposed to a professional academic who's licensed but they。

 study more from academia maybe they have clinical trials where they kind of go。

 through a certain process but the process that we're creating is the process。

 that they'll be reading about it's just that it's the process that we kind of。

 helped in the field as opposed to being an academic that's writing about it in。

 a textbook yeah we're putting it out there reaching more people i believe that。

 the channel distribution that we're hitting whether it's our youtube or channel。

 basically etc will be permeating more than most academics more to most。

 academia more than most of them even the mainstream media in the future because。

 it's 2016 right now and 2014 even the not it was night and day in terms of。

 the distribution of a message and things are changing even more and i。

 believe that in the future almost everything is going to be about the。

 teaching of relationship skills because all these ideas and concepts。

 technology etc are developing and existing so that whereas you might have。

 people that are just doing a particular skill set like say a construction worker。

 yeah he's going to be more relationship builder， one percent agree because because we're in the age of information right so。

 all the information you can easily access that now you know back in days you。

 would have need to have an expert for ABC whatever it is right because that。

 guy had the knowledge he studied that now there's anybody could be an expert in。

 nuclear physics ask me any questions about nuclear physics i can google that。

 you know what i mean like i have the knowledge that my secondary brain exactly。

 so so what you what what's going to happen is there's going to be a shift of， uh。。。

 of factual intelligence towards emotional intelligence because of any。

 kind of facts you can now easily access with the internet but you can't you。

 can't google how to have a good relationship not really you know what i mean。

 you can't google calibration you can't google having strong eye contact。

 on and and choosing the right words for a particular situation you can't do。

 that not yet maybe a hundred years but right now um we're shifting again away。

 from like oh i know all these facts more towards like okay i know how to deal。

 with people yeah that's important awesome world thanks max it's been an awesome。

 interview it was amazing i think i have gone there thanks for being this。

 amazing room with all the knowledge around there， that's good cheers。