# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第4周-RSD Luke（社交圈游戏）_Week 4 - RSD Luke (Social Circle Game)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

Hey guys we are here with RSD Luke，This is my home from my kitchen in a living room。

and I just want to welcome Luke，Thanks for coming，It's really cool，So what are you doing？，Cheers。

Yeah I just got back from Utah doing an interview earlier with Tucker Max。

 Luke just came back from Los Angeles interviewing a super high profile celebrity。

He's really integrated with the social life in Los Angeles and Las Vegas。

and has cultivated the most amazing soul circle with massive skill and grace。

and I'd love for him to share with you guys some of the lessons he's learned。

 just from being just an awesome guy，and the skill sets that you could learn just from modeling Luke and his soul circle。

and his skill set， Awesome，So why don't we just start by talking to the guys who are kind of like wondering。

 ok yeah there's this elite awesome soul circle， but how do you really start from the beginning if you kind of just。

 suck right？， Yeah I mean I was asked this yesterday actually where guys said。

 you know how do you how do you start to aspire to have that kind of。

 lifestyle and the first thing is actually aspiring to have it。

 first thing is motivating yourself realizing that there is a better way to do things。

 there is a way， to actually create game leverage， game should be this high leverage thing where the more work you put into game。

 the more expounding the results end up happening， the more of a cascading effect the results。

 the work I put into gaming today， should help me a year from now two years from now it's it's。

 it's just such a silly waste of time to me for every night you go out。

 to be this you know garbage in garbage out this this you know one shot。

 one kill kind of thing right where everybody that you meet。

 just kind of they either love you or hate you this massively polarizing approach。

 I just felt like it was kind of wasting my time because。

 there's I felt like I'm having a lot of these good middle ground interactions with people。

 but for some reason I'm not really keeping in touch with them I'm not putting them into any sort of。

 real logistical funnel of actually maintaining the relationship and building it over time。

 and for me， I remember I read this it's kind of funny because now I got all the maximum parties。

 I read this and I think it was a maximum magazine a long time ago。

 and that that was I want to be the guy that all girls want。

 but also the guy that all guys want to be， it's it's immensely satisfying when you have a large social circle。

 and you can just pluck， from that social circle rather than having to。

 to every night go out to some new bar and some new bar area。

 so that's kind of the big key that is realizing that。

 there's this lifestyle that anyone can attain for themselves。

 where you just have people you have a roster of people that just are messaging you all of the time。

 that are knocking on your door， girls that are showing up at your house。

 yeah I feel you you know when I first got into going out。

 and what have you is actually when I was like 12 years old。

 because I was just passing out flyers for an i-cub and the owner of the bar。

 let me hang out behind the scenes， and I was sort of seeing the regular people as the same college students all the time。

 and I was 12 but they still let me hang out there。

 and I think what happened was I got so into that that when I was in college。

 I was really good at throwing parties， we got me into pick up though。

 although I had this opposite effect， you know I just had this amazing ability to develop a soul circle。

 I didn't know how to convert that soul circle into like a dating lifestyle。

 and I guess a lot of people would do the opposite， they'll have like the skillset to pick up girls。

 they don't have to develop an awesome soul circle。

 yeah what background did you come from and how did you go through that process？。

 yeah I came from a background of really just having no real women in my life at all。

 I was just kind of coming from a tech background， I was kind of a typical computer geek。

 and then I realized I want to have just a ton of really attractive girls in my life。

 and be dating them and sleeping with them etc。， so what I realized was that。

 you know I definitely didn't really care about having this huge soul circle right off the bat。

 it was a means to an end， it was me getting girls into my life。

 it was wait if I'm going to be spent on this time picking up girls， trying to seduce them。

 I might as well also keep some of them in my life as I'm doing that。

 so for me it wasn't really like this either or I didn't really look at it like。

 you know I'm either going to build the social circle or I'm going to pick up women。

 I just kind of merged the two together and realized that hey if I'm going to be meeting women。

 I'm going to the easier way to do this is with having a good social circle。

 so I use that as kind of my way in order to meet women。

 for me I kind of had to develop both at the same time， because I really wasn't having a lot of。

 it's kind of funny because I'm kind of an introvert。

 I'm just very expressive and I basically taught myself。

 I'm an extrovert and really obnoxious and outgoing， because I'm not really that way naturally。

 I don't really draw my energy from being around a big group of people。

 so for me I just realized that that's the lifestyle really that's an elite type of lifestyle。

 so if I want to achieve that elite type of lifestyle。

 I had to get over my own quellms of not really loving to be around people naturally。

 that's interesting because when you're around other people， you're just very very verbose。

 you always have something to say like a charm and swallve。

 so I guess that's really interesting because for me。

 I honestly don't know if I'm an introvert or an extrovert also。

 I've played video games I've referred to chilling。

 it's the same time I like the activity of throwing parties and what have you。

 I know there's a lot of people who write books about how I could be an introvert。

 or extrovert or put some act in certain way， but I don't really know if there's one particular style or a way to interact with people。

 I guess when you're interacting with people， what are you looking for in order to like relate with them。

 and develop that genuine connection， yeah so the first thing I do in cold approach pick up。

 or in building a social circle， it's really the same thing which is building commonalities。

 so one of the first things I teach is to build comfort right off the bat。

 and you do that by building massive commonalities， and then diving deeper into those commonalities。

 commonality building to me is huge， massive so whether I meet a guy or a girl。

 first I'm trying to establish is aggressive commonalities。

 I'm not trying to impress them I'm not trying to be flashy。

 I'm just trying to instill a bunch of commonalities。

 you know talking with you if one of the first things that you'll find out。

 is that you went to UW Madison， I don't think I enjoyed my time with Scott。

 the way that you did but you know that's one of the first things you want to establish。

 is do we have that in common and then we can build upon that。

 the conversation flows very naturally if you have something in common。

 same thing is true every time you meet an attractive girl。

 there's definitely been interactions I've ran from open to mid-game。

 at least just off the commonality without really having to， try to spark that much attraction。

 so you're meeting some cool guy or some high level male as well。

 just establishing with initial commonalities can carry you very far。

 the most common question I get from people that are trying to build that connection。

 I think naturally a lot of people do want to build commonalities。

 but even for me when I first got into this， there would be a lot of girls that are really attractive。

 but I just didn't have anything in common with them， what do you do for those situations？。

 yeah so basically one thing I tell guys is， you know with what you can't learn how to have this elite lifestyle。

 or meeting attract really really high level girls。

 very very attractive girls without changing your own lifestyle。

 a lot of guys last pick up advice in the last question of how。

 you know how do you you know I live 90 minutes on a farm。

 outside of town how do I meet these women what can I do。

 and then it's just interesting how many guys don't want to。

 aspire and motivate themselves to realize that that's。

 that's not really a lifestyle you want you don't really want to have this lifestyle。

 living 90 minutes away and then coming in and meeting girls。

 and bringing them back to your basement 90 minutes away。

 to your world of warcraft dungeon basically right。

 so what you want to do is you want to realize that。

 hey sometimes you might have to change parts of your personality。

 to gel with the types of people that you're trying to align with。

 right so what I do is I actually take up different events。

 hobbies and interests of the people that I'm trying to associate with。

 do you mean example of what an event hobby or interest is of like。

 these kind of people or what kind of people you're looking to attract。

 and then what are the kind of interests that you're talking about。

 totally so one example would be concerts， right I don't really naturally love going to concerts。

 I really just don't care about it too much， that being said my target demographic goes to very specific。

 concert venue and they're going to the concerts throughout the year at this exact venue。

 so one thing I decided to do is just hey you know what maybe I've been to。

 judge mentals were just going to concerts and maybe I'll give it a go。

 so I just started going to you know about one concert a month。

 just to associate myself and align myself with the types of girls。

 that I'm after the type of guys that I'm trying to network with。

 so basically just taking out a really vested interest in the things that they're doing。

 I think sometimes people try to make a pick up in psychology too much about ourselves。

 how do we feel about the interaction how do we build state how do we。

 how are we trying to actually enjoy ourselves when we're out in reality。

 I think we lose sight of the fact that there's another person there。

 that's the person that we need to if somebody feels better about themselves。

 whether around you they're going to want to keep me around you。

 so I would like to make a pick up very outward and really just make sure。

 that the people in my life are taking care of even that so girl I just met。

 I want to make sure that she's having a good fun time。

 and then the pick up goes way easier rather than me focusing on myself。

 Sure I was talking to a girl recently about what she finds as those things are most important for a healthy relationship。

 and she was saying yes having that commonality， having that interest。

 having to maybe the same hobbies but also being interested in their hobbies。

 and I guess your elaboration would be really just trying to figure out what it is。

 I think that having not necessarily like a desire to actually just get into that。

 but actually the knowledge from how you participate in various things。

 give you a broad range of communication topics， so even if you don't really like appreciate what they're doing as much as they have。

 having that genuine curiosity showing that you're interested。

 makes you more interesting for the other people that you're interacting with。

 Clearly I think a lot of people lose sight of that， if your goal is to hang out with said person。

 then you're not currently hanging out with that person。

 you're going to need to change some things about yourself in order to have a genuine relationship with that person。

 the interest and hobbies that that person has， I think a lot of times in the pickup community just look at partying as the main way to do it。

 and in reality going to a nightclub with somebody is about the worst way to bond with them。

 it's so loud， it's dark， it's this much better place to bond with them。

 is in the daytime throwing your own parties， throwing your own events。

 I think another thing guys don't understand is when we say throw a partier at events。

 just even the stories that you and I talked back and forth about。

 it's very clear that we have a similar idea in that definition of a partier event。

 it doesn't need to be this massively well thought out planned thing。

 that you're pouring over for six months and then just throw a one huge batch。

 sometimes those are like that and those are fun， but if you aren't throwing any events right now。

 period， then just do some consistent regular thing that people know that you're going to be doing。

 like every Wednesday I throw a very similar party at the same venue。

 and people know that last night we had 20 girls there， you know I pulled two girls。

 two of my clients pulled two girls total， so I think it was about five total pulls from the venue。

 purely because and we did like it was super low energy。

 we didn't put any work in and the whole reason was because we just go to that venue。

 over and over and over again on the exact same day， but I mean I think it showed up at like 145。

 like there was no extensive planning that happened。

 the only planning is what's called mere exposure effect。

 or the more times you expose yourself to somebody， the more traction you're going to have to them。

 so because we're at that exact same to spot at the exact same club。

 on the same day every week girls just know that it's going to be a fun time that's there。

 they anchor that fun time to that exact spot and they just continually show up。

 yeah I used to do something very similar it was on Sunday though。

 it was like a Sunday fun day but I had a way cooler name， I can't remember what it was。

 something about Martinez， where we， to think about what time we went out we tried different Martinez。

 or different wines and we would just go hopping from place to place to place。

 bars and bars and bars and bars and bars and bars。

 yeah we just get one drink and then we go to the next bar and get another one。

 but it would be that same kind where it was wine or beer or sake or martinis or whatever。

 and it was just like a fun unique thing that we used to do。

 literally every week it was for an unlimited amount of time。

 I can't even remember how nice we were doing it， but yeah we just had a lot of really awesome girls and it would just be an amazing experience。

 but a lot of people don't realize how simple it could actually be。

 I've also had the time where you do spend like a whole month。

 it's organizing these elaborate parties and doing it I mean month。

 but yeah that's a toy different ballgame it's not as deep and meaningful。

 like nowadays I prefer those deep and meaningful small groups。

 I mean if I imagine your Wednesday groups I should probably not like hundreds of people。

 I mean like a dozen or two of the irony actually is the less work and it's more meaningful。

 yeah I mean we have， it's about two dozens， about four or five guys that show up。

 and about 20 girls that show up every Wednesday and it's a lot。

 I mean it's every Wednesday people are pulling， every Wednesday people are networking you know the net worth of that table is in the tens of millions of the guys that you know。

 there's two between two and six guys that the casually throw up。

 show up throughout the night they're all extremely successful。

 and then they just pop their head and leave， if the girls know that they want to show up the girls want to you know know that like the guys that are there are going to be pretty crazy and fun。

 I mean on the sides to my buddies are spray champagne throughout the night， it's just this extreme。

 it's like the interesting thing too is it's a Wednesday night。

 it's not like the club is just raging throughout the rest of the club。

 it's kind of just on our spot， so yeah I mean it's the best part about it is I actually do zero work to set it up。

 I actually enlisted a couple of buddies who organized the entire thing for me。

 I actually just show up， reap the benefits of it and then leave。

 I don't even make text to the people to show up they do that for us。

 so I mean it's one of those things too where you know for example when you're inviting people。

 thousands of people to some you know exenie party back in the day。

 you know you weren't necessarily personally messaging every single person。

 you have these connectors that you involve and you kind of layer it forward。

 yeah I did both actually， I mean there used to be a phone I had it wasn't like I think it was a blackberry phone。

 you know people don't use these anymore but back in the day they had a button you push。

 you selected all the certain kind of group you create groups。

 like certain kinds of girls that you wanted to invite to a certain kind of event。

 you just create that group and then you just send one text message and it hits that group。

 I don't know if phones could do that away， there probably is phone apps that do that。

 but I do think I feel like a blackberry was made for the guy who's trying to build a social circle。

 every nightclub promoter has a blackberry to this day， to this day we probably people still have it。

 because they're addicted to that BBM， yeah so I used to do that and just send a text message to BAM。

 you just hit 2000 people just keep growing certain kind of girls and certain kinds of lists。

 you know if you want to have more intimate gatherings you put them on a more exclusive list。

 and just kind of like build it from there I think a lot of people though。

 who might not have this kind of like really locked down awesome social circle or wondering。

 yeah you're talking about hanging out these elite venues。

 getting actually the most elite part of those elite venues。

 hanging out these most elite people in the most elite part。

 other most elite venues in the most elite cities， but they're wondering well look what am I doing to build my social circle。

 I'm an average ordinary guy just trying to hit the field， totally。

 what did you say to the guy who just has $20 in his pocket？。

 yeah so the thing I would say the guy who only has $20 in your pocket。

 number one is I would say that I'm not spending money on any of this stuff。

 right I mean if I know if I am it's extremely small。

 I see most guys on a normal night out buying you know。

 cab to the nightclub a couple drinks and then cab home。

 there's spending more money than I am at the club。

 so it's really not about the money what it's about is aligning yourself。

 and that with the right people and then doing what's called value arbitrage。

 so value arbitrage is where you sit back and if you know here's the thing。

 what guys have to understand is if you're not going to be spending the money。

 you have to contribute value of some sort， and the cool thing that PUA's can do is PUA's can actually contribute the value。

 of organizing things and just basically putting all the puzzle pieces together。

 in a value arbitrage kind of way so the way that you value arbitrage is。

 the ultimate value arbitrage is you realize that you don't need to be the person。

 that's actually supplying the girls the money the club connections。

 you can just put those people together and then reap the benefits of the event。

 so what I like to tell people is just stop making pickup about yourself。

 make pick about the people that you're talking to and do what's called people collecting。

 so collect every person that you meet and put them into some category。

 whether it's with an old-school blackberry phone or a spreadsheet or。

 whatever you have to do you put these different people these categories。

 you have these different influencers you have nightclub owners restaurant owners。

 retail workers retail owners hot girls you have to kind of put these different。

 if you don't have anybody in your life right now come up with these different categories。

 and put the people into the categories it's kind of like E-Mith are visited。

 where even if you don't necessarily have the employees for the job。

 you set up what those what the perfect organizational chart would actually be。

 and then you end up fulfilling that throughout your time and business。

 same thing is true with different connectors I make it a point。

 every night I go out I try to meet restaurant owners I try to meet bar tenders。

 I try to meet anybody that's what's called in the industry。

 so what you do is if you only have the $20 in your pocket。

 go out and meet as many people as possible and get their contact details。

 period don't think about what can that person do for me and why would I want。

 to network with that person everybody I meet I get that I either exchange business cards。

 I have them text me their info， a lot of people now have what's called a V card which is like a virtual business card。

 basically and it sends you and just populates right into your contact list。

 so I don't discriminate against what types of people can either help me or what's in it for me。

 I'm really going through life thinking how can I introduce this every person I meet。

 I'm thinking how can I help this person make more money how can I introduce them to somebody。

 that's going to align them and have their career a better career。

 how can I meet people and then introduce them to potentially their future spouse。

 how can I introduce them and maybe maybe I meet some cool guy I'm thinking hey。

 what type I meet them I hate what type of girls do you like。

 I'm taking a vested interest in them I'm like you out here you trying to pimp it。

 or you out here just kind of relaxing and if they say that they're out here trying to meet girls。

 immediately I look to my right I look to my left and I see if I can grab a girl。

 and introduce them to that guy because I'm trying to continually just。

 later the value that I'm adding and I'm trying to stack the value。

 favor significantly in their favor meaning that I'm trying to contribute。

 tenfold value to every person that I'm meeting because I know that eventually。

 it's kind of like a joint venture business right， eventually that one that builds the the huge social circle for you。

 might not even be one that you thought was going to build that way。

 because you've added so much value to these different people。

 you really only need that one big person to just contribute all value to your life。

 then to make it worth it and then you kind of going through life in a very。

 positive way where you're trying to just help as many people as possible。

 so the $2 in your pocket is kind of an irrelevant thing because。

 most of these people that you're meeting they don't really the irony is。

 the people that you want to be meeting are probably wealthy at themselves。

 so they're not really looking for you know as PUA sometimes we feel like。

 the world is kind of beat us down so we're you know we're kind of like。

 very skittish about people maybe take advantage and you have to realize。

 the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the level of people you're trying to meet。

 to get into venues the free tickets to things to really build your social circle。

 they don't really need anything from you they don't really need you to spend。

 any money unless you want to right so what you're doing you have to find。

 how do you add value to them in a different way entirely most of my friends。

 how are significantly more wealthy than I am significantly so me。

 they're not really looking for me as the guy who's going to contribute that much。

 that much funds to things when said they're looking at me as how's Luke。

 gonna make us feel what are the commonalities that we have what are the。

 excitement that's gonna create you know my main Facebook profile picture。

 right now is is a drill that I do in Vegas immersion which is the。

 we call it the table drill where you can walk into a venue not know。

 anybody and then big get networked into a bottle service area where they're。

 very excited to have you and one thing that I do is I walk straight up to a。

 nightclub table I'll say hey what's up table neighbor that does it implies。

 that you might have a table in the area and they said and then what ends up。

 happening is they lowers the risk level and the lowers their walls so。

 they bring you into their group and then I'll proceed to take the bottle。

 of alcohol port into their mouth whoever's the main whatever's the main。

 nightclub owner and I have one of their friends take a picture of it so。

 then I'll set the bottle down so they're laughing because it's it's kind。

 of an obnoxious thing to do in in a nightclub but it's still not that。

 risque it's not that risky it's pretty simple to do but then I get。

 their friend to take a photo of it so now they have a photo within seconds。

 of meeting me they have a photo of me and them together sharing an。

 experience that most of their current friends aren't probably giving them。

 anyway letting cost me the money that just took a little bit of。

 gregariousness the more gregarious that you can be the bigger your social。

 circle is going to be for example when I mean by gregarious is who knows。

 that person is going to receive that very well or not well I know that。

 eighty not percent of the time the person who is going to just be get。

 excited I'm trying to pour the alcohol into their mouth and I'm。

 hyping up the table well that's the time that if you want to make。

 people feel like if you aren't there that they're going to feel like。

 something's missing so I'm adding that much value by you know giving them。

 the shot and then helping them out and getting the photo taken it's a。

 very memorable thing of how I'm adding value to that person that in a way。

 that money couldn't even buy you yeah I think that's an awesome drill I。

 think that even me I had some more experiences where I'd go to London。

 just walk up to the tables and talk to them just because it's a very。

 interesting social experiment I didn't really think about as a strategy at。

 the time I was just thinking you know what there's people at the table。

 it's just a guy in the girl not even talking to you just walk up a。

 talk to them by coincidence it was the owner of the club later on the。

 nine hour later other people started joining in and they introduced me to。

 people who had other tables other times I represented myself as an。

 industry person now in the industry I was kind of a promoter but not really。

 promoter because I was promoting the club I didn't get any paid money from it。

 yeah I was just walking to people and say hey I'm a promoter and I'd be。

 promoting a club because I'd be texting my soul circle my。

 quarter-approach leads the girls I met and other guys in the industry。

 that I met who are also being real promoters and said hey I'm promoting。

 this event tonight it's gonna be the hottest thing in town and then basically。

 we would use that so hey I'm a promoter but I was just doing as a hobby。

 yeah it was a hobby that allowed me to kind of turn from a promoter to。

 personally who was then doing it for tables and doing a private house。

 parties and doing it for a movie studios and then eventually the。

 playboy mansion but I guess it was just kind of like building up and building。

 up and building up and it was kind of just starting from scratch and you。

 know it's kind of just framing it in a unique way because of that sense。

 you just frame the situation where it is true but you're you know。

 representing the situation as more like a social thing and I think。

 that one of the interesting things that you do really well is that you'll。

 look at situations that are you know kind of like full of like this hyped。

 up energy but you turn it into what it is that you're hyping it up。

 how are you how are you actually doing that like what are you。

 doing to make that actually happen yeah so I think what you're referring。

 to is a situation that maybe isn't hyped up I'm I'm hyping it up and then。

 exactly like a self fulfilling prophecy almost right yeah well that's。

 because of what I kind of realized is everyone just wants something else to。

 do other than what they're currently doing which is kind of a funny thing。

 right in in nightclubs you go up to people in the nightclub and they're all。

 just talking about what are they going to do next no one's ever just really。

 enjoying that current moment of what they're doing everyone you go up to any。

 any attractive girl and they're like all right well what are we after party。

 you go to you up to some cool guy and he's like all right well we're going to go eat。

 after this or you go up to some industry people and they're like oh yeah。

 we have to go to another table to visit somebody else then we have to go see。

 our friend at the bar no one's ever just like wow this exact thing that we're。

 doing right now is just like let's just keep doing this all night right it's kind。

 of crazy now obviously there's exceptions but you know a lot of guys can try。

 to go up to you know a table or go up to some group of people at a bar start。

 talking them and you'll realize very quickly whatever social group once。

 they're all together people don't want to just stay there they want to do。

 some other activity with that togetherness so what I've realized is if I。

 can just show people how to have an amazing time just doing what they're。

 currently doing they give me massive value credit for that and then want to。

 keep hanging out with me and then take me under their wing right so I call it。

 creating the you army so when you create the you army right so you'd be。

 creating the Nick army right what that is is it's creating a group of guys。

 and girls that are specifically types of people you want in your life who。

 then put in a lot of work for you right so way to kind of do what I call。

 you know met a game where you're kind of gaming above the above the。

 level where it's like being going to the club last night so I got two。

 make-outs and I pulled a really pretty French girl with a Puerto Rican。

 girl right I pulled both of them right when one was my one girl's my primary。

 and the other girl is a girl that we've never met before and I pulled them and。

 we didn't say any words to them it was purely the value that we had with these。

 other people that I created this fun time with that brought her into my life。

 right they were all these other girls that we created because throughout the。

 night I'm hyping things up I'm I'm being very loud I'm singing the songs that。

 are playing I make sure that every every environmental condition is in a way。

 that's going to easily let me impact their life so with this French girl I。

 literally just try every time there was a hip-hop song on I just kept saying the。

 words asking if she knew the words one thing I like to do I have a bunch of gimmicks。

 that I do right so I'm at this thing where I'll take a bunch of straws will be。

 standing at a table area or a high value area at the bar or another area where。

 these these people come together and I'll just start putting different straws。

 into each other and create this one long straw and then as girls walk by。

 or when the girls like trying to order something from the from the bar once she。

 sets her drink down I'll with the people that I'm already at I'll kind of。

 look at them and and search them and and I'll take the drink and I'll just start。

 drinking the person's drink dry and then once they're girl sees that I'm just。

 drinking her drink completely dry there's about a two second flip out where。

 she's like what are you doing I can't believe you're doing that and then immediately。

 after that they always are like that's the coolest thing I've ever seen show。

 me and I'll get them and now we're all just stealing drinks from。

 people from people at the bar and now you know if you don't really comfortable。

 stealing the drink you can just you know pretend to do it and you get a very。

 similar reaction but rarely is the person just super offended usually they just。

 think it's a fun activity another thing we used to do is take our belts off。

 and hand it to a girl who are interested in and have them do limbo underneath。

 our belt so a big part of my dance floor game is literally just creating this。

 huge circle people think it's gonna be like a dance or a break dance circle kind。

 of type of thing but I don't know how to dance at all so what I do is I give。

 them my belt and also now we have the you know the huge dance floor excess。

 doing limbo underneath the belt so sometimes I've had big famous DJs I。

 had Skrillex one time stop the thing because we're doing the first I actually met。

 him he was the first night he'd ever performed a surrender he stopped for about 10。

 seconds then his entire set and goes what are you guys doing with the belt and then。

 we just screen we're doing the limbo it was it was pretty funny and then so I。

 mean it's it's it's not a huge meat but it's pretty funny that you know there's some。

 verbal communication with Skrillex apparently because of a belt what would you say to。

 that what did you say after you said we're doing the limbo he said keep it up and he just。

 started playing I did a shot with him at rhino the strip club about four or five。

 hours later and he didn't really remember but I told him about the belt that。

 I was like over the belt people it was pretty funny so it's awesome yeah it's it's。

 it's it's quirky as it sounds it's a hook that's something that most people。

 probably won't see doing the straw trick you know doing the belt bit right there。

 all these different gambits that you're doing and that add a peat add a lot of。

 stories to people's lives they wouldn't have had otherwise so when you do these。

 different things that's why you know your theme parties are so cool and you know。

 that's one thing that I'm that I'm that I'm trying to incorporate a lot more。

 as well because it's when you have the belt you have the straw trick or you have。

 the theme parties it's a it's a hook it's a hold it's a stickiness that。

 people want to be a part of that's great it means like the next level of the。

 old Wisconsin games are like beer pong and darts but you're doing something。

 great and fun and I love that in a innovation you know having like a。

 betting games or drinking games of any kind I think are always like unique。

 things that's one of the cool things I liked about just the social circle。

 game of even just trying to connect people because I would use to just sit in。

 a bar a club when I was you know just not knowing how to do cold approach I would。

 look around people when you're wondering okay we're in a bar a club or drinking。

 when we're socializing I could do this even if I'm not in a bar who's just my。

 friend at home why am I here what am I doing what's the purpose me staying out。

 so late at a bar for hours and hours and hours you know so you have to create。

 innovative things you do cold approach pick up to create a connecting game you。

 can just walk up and do random social experiments like we were talking about。

 with VIP tables or owners by thing just having like activities to do in the bar。

 because the social environment the social club just fun things that are kind of。

 out of the box other people just aren't doing this you look at the club。

 99% of people are just kind of staying in their little social circle kind of。

 you're in there what all these to call is like the choked crystal。

 you're just like a bunch of choked they look like they're forming together like。

 Disney just get tighter and tighter to the form of crystal he's under break。

 the crystal as he used to say all the time but I think that you're doing it。

 in such a unique way that creates that flash sparkle it's very memorable。

 I love that yeah I mean flash is such a big part of it because you know。

 a lot of guys like to resist building a big social circle for the main reason。

 I think is that they're not hooking up with girls from the social circle and the other。

 main reason I think is that they're just intimidated to spend that long period。

 of time with people because if they're if you're not very social already it can be。

 kind of intimidating to then tell yourself oh well to actually make valid。

 friendships with these people it can feel like it's a lot more time consuming than。

 a traditional cold approach kind of pick up style right I think they understand。

 the thing that understands what you just said which is you should do it all you。

 just like you know game can be just too challenging at the beginning without just。

 trying all of it and seeing where it fits into your life for example the best。

 combination of things that I've done is build a huge social circle and then。

 cold approach off of that social circle I'm I'm I have some of the best state。

 I've ever seen of anybody because in every city I travel to I know people。

 people every time they come to Vegas are hitting me up I'm just always。

 being told about really fun interesting things to do and I always have a group。

 of people around me if I go into any nightclub alone right I'm it I go and I。

 don't even have wingman I don't really I don't ever go to a nightclub I think。

 that's kind of silly almost I don't go into a nightclub with my wingman。

 and say all right well there's a two set of it let's go approach that two set。

 it's about the it's it's just such a low value thing to do guys who are。

 out they're actually crushing it in their cities there's there's they're not。

 going out with their buddy telling themselves they're going to walk up to two。

 random girls and then go talk to them right that just it just is not a conducive。

 way to get the really attractive girls in your city a much more attractive much。

 more opportunistic approach is to go into that club build even if you don't。

 have any people around you build a base set that base set allows you to。

 actually create an interaction with people cool guys attractive girls where they。

 want you to stay there the base set doesn't need to be the most attractive。

 girls in the club it just needs to be a group of people they're very receptive。

 to you and then let's say that that's the only social stuff you want to do。

 cold approach off of that base set and come back to that group of people。

 that are all they're gonna you never have to worry about building state which。

 which is this ends up being a silly concept if you create these base sets。

 you always are in a good mood you always have people that are you know cheering。

 you on always have people that are trying to buy you drinks always have people。

 that are you know telling you good positive things it's very easy to stay in。

 state throughout the night when you don't have that that negativity of。

 really of trying to think the game has to be this sniper approach I remember。

 that I was in a club in Toronto and I didn't really know anyone I was kind。

 of there by myself and I saw two beautiful girls dancing on the dance floor it。

 wasn't like super loud or anything and there was some tall like typical。

 stereotypical gq looking dudes like just chilling with each other in like nice。

 fancy suits so I walked over to one of the guys and said hey come with me I。

 so I want to really meet you pushed him into the girl who I thought was attractive。

 but the girl I want to talk to you then it was now for you to talk to me and she。

 was like hey that was really smooth and he started talking yeah and it was。

 it was awesome I think the little things like that allow you to kind of like build。

 soul circle some scratch yeah and I see you doing it all the time and you're。

 just a master that I think it's awesome I guess one of the things that a lot of。

 students will say to me is that they're worried about getting caught in that。

 friend zone circle and you're building these soul circles you at the same time。

 what is the line if the cross or not cross to like avoid being stuck in that。

 kind of permanently totally I mean that's a valid concern because a lot of。

 guys you know maybe half female friends and you know maybe you've set your。

 sights on some girl that's a friend of yours and then you just kind of。

 do accidentally got friend zone over time just because you never pulled the。

 trigger right the thing about the friend zone is I was told guys if you show。

 me a girl seeing a friend zone I can get you hooking up with her dating her。

 sleeping with her friend zone is a place that I like that I like to be in if。

 you choose to be in it friends on is an amazing thing that if you I like to go。

 up to girls and tell them non stop that it's just I just can't find a girl in。

 this club can you help me right and then I end up walking around with and it's。

 I'm saying that to my target right because what you're doing is you're just。

 qualifying her from actually dating you right it's an old school pickup concept。

 called disqualification we need to qualify the girl right off the bat and。

 tell call the girl sister right most of the girls in my life I'm like oh you。

 come on sister let's go do this other thing what it's doing is it's telling。

 her it's friends only heard before she has a actual chance to friend zone me so。

 friend zone is amazing if you're putting the girls in the friend zone because。

 that's very easy to be sexual and be suggestive to them break out of the。

 friend zone you want to understand that the more attractive the girl and the。

 more high status the girl actually is less physical escalation that she。

 actually wants the more attractive the girl is that's the reason why they're。

 in these VIP tables why they're in this private event areas is that are very。

 attractive high self esteem girl does not want a random guy can up to her。

 and physically escalating on her right what girls call that they call that。

 grouping right they don't want to randomly just be touched by guy it's just。

 kind of a silly concept you think about it to just walk to go randomly start。

 physically escalating I think that's something that in the pickup community has。

 gotten a little bit too exaggerated this ability of just keen owing or touching。

 the girl that they don't even know into selection process I think a much。

 more effective approach is to withhold the physical escalation and they。

 be extremely verbally suggestive so when you talk in a very cross way you。

 know Julian and I have run a bunch of sets together we're just we're you know for。

 for 50% of the interaction we're both flirting with the girl as if you know。

 as if him and I are you know our gay and are trying to just and I put it up。

 with this girl and have her in between us right for that for half the。

 action we're talking these these aren't you know party girls that were making。

 these jokes I think that one was a lawyer we've been executive from an oil。

 and gas company we're making these jokes too so it's if you're if you're。

 physically hands off but you're extremely verbally suggestive for the girl。

 there's no chance there's no risk of you not pulling the trigger a certain。

 point right I have a motto that's you know the best the best location to pick。

 up a girl is at the corner of 4 a。m。 meaning if you heard the last man standing。

 you're the one that she's going to want to sit on you're the one that she's。

 going to want to be with right so you do is even if you think about this。

 right if a girl's back at your place at 4 a。m。 what are the chances。

 something sexual is going to happen it's extremely high so if you can just。

 build a situation where you actually get that girl back to your place at 4， a。m。

 there's a good chance something's going to happen even if it's a friend's own。

 situation because that happens all the time where girls escalate on a guy at， 4 a。m。

 in his bed when she didn't realize that oh this something was going to。

 happen just because you aligned yourself into that situation so what guys have。

 to realize is you don't have to be so polarizing right off the bat of。

 getting blown or blown out of the girl you know like loving you right off the。

 bat or not loving you right off the bat you can go in friend zone every girl。

 that you meet and build the attraction equity throughout the interaction。

 using disqualification other breaks and rapport is throughout the set so when。

 you're building the social circle I went really have a social circle I wasn't。

 using it to try to hook up with girls and I really wouldn't be building it。

 for any other reason so what I do is I build the social circle by friend's own。

 all these girls but I'm extremely sexually suggestive with all of them。

 every single one of them knows that there's a good chance that they're going to。

 hook up with me that they're going to hook up with each other they know that。

 if they're bat you know the social circle event is going to happen but there's。

 a hundred percent of the time there's some after after party back in my。

 place where sex is going to happen I show them showing the photos of my。

 bar I'm showing photos of them I'm showing photos of them of my。

 stripper pole I'm showing photos of I'm showing videos of girls wicking up with。

 each other I'm I'm I live in a couch so when I'm showing them all of these I'm。

 showing them photos of you know of girls you know hooking up in my bed I'm。

 just when I'm showing them when I'm being that sexual and I'm letting them。

 know that's just kind of the lifestyle that I live a younger Hugh。

 Huffner basically type lifestyle then they all just realize that well no we're。

 friends with each other but something sexual could happen in the in real。

 world you know situations in mainstream culture friends with a couple of。

 other people who are all the time the bartender who you know ends up hooking up。

 with the cock to atress and you know the you know the accountant ends up hooking。

 up with you know his his assistant's best friend like these these are how。

 these things just kind of happen in mainstream world so by bringing it into。

 pickup you can actually look at friend zoning as massive rapport。

 yeah I noticed that in dating like long term dating you also need that。

 confident trust and rapport else you're not going to have that basis as a。

 good example of what you're talking about over the night sky friends I mean。

 girls like nice guys you know but I guess at the same time I guess what say。

 you're dating a girl multiple time to know a lot of old school PUA。

 theory says yeah if you're not steepen with this girl super fast you kind of。

 screwed yet the same time you can have a situation where it's not the case I。

 guess what's your views on like those time situations where like you might be。

 seeing a girl similar to your soul circle to see her one-on-one multiple times。

 and you have this obvious interest and intent if you want to hook up with this。

 girl but at the same time you're not sure if it's going to happen like what。

 do you say to a guy who's in that situation yeah I mean he's not sure if it's。

 gonna happen but I'm telling you he's doing the wrong thing because if you know。

 the actual roadmap from A to Z then he shouldn't have the confidence to be able。

 to file that roadmap so what I mean is if you're seeing this girl multiple。

 times you're showing a lot of intent and interest with the girl then yeah you。

 should be hooking up with her as soon as possible you want to you want from the。

 time that you show intent to the time you actually sleep with the girl to be。

 as sure as possible because what ends up happening is if you if you show a lot。

 of intent and then you let hours go by or days go by she ends up wondering why。

 you're not pulling the trigger and then the attraction goes down so when I say。

 friends are in these girls the whole time talking about in group settings I'm。

 talking about not showing massive direct interest but it's here's the thing we。

 have we I want to separate in the pickup community I would love to separate。

 intent verse sexualization right because intent of interest is something that I。

 want to withhold as long as possible will still be very very sexual because if。

 I'm withholding my interest what that's telling the goods causing her to。

 actually play the cat string theory with me it's causing her to actually。

 push pull with me it's causing her to actually participate in the game process。

 which is what's fun I want her to buy into the game process so if I put。

 off if I just tell her that I'm interested in her right off the bat and then I。

 wait then actually pull the trigger and try to close her right try to try to。

 get intimate with her then all of them what's going to end up happening she's going。

 to lose confidence in me she's going to lose respect for me because she knows。

 that I'm interested but I'm she's wondering why I'm not pulling the trigger I。

 guess the other theory that I want to also talk about are those situations。

 where you have a girl that hypothetically is interested in actually like。

 dating you and establishing a long-term relationship and I know a lot of the。

 typical PUA are like what the hell are you talking about why you're。

 sitting that kind of thing but why would you ever want that I mean I'm a。

 married guy but I mean you imagine like those situations where you have。

 those girls that you know are interested in dating you I know that some PUA。

 has had that old school belief that you shouldn't be like taking girls out。

 for like a nice dinners and dates and stuff like that I'm totally cool。

 with that because I'm not trying to get anything out of it I'm not trying to。

 be like in this situation exactly at the same at the same time one of the。

 things that might happen is you have a situation where a girl I guess might be。

 potentially withholding sex from because she's just trying to like lock you。

 into relationships have you seen things like that I mean I've heard the。

 concepts the problem for me is this I have these two lists of things right I have。

 a list over here that says things guys who actually get laid and then a。

 bunch of things that they do and another list over here which is things that。

 guys who aren't getting laid and it's a list of things that they do and I just。

 try to stand this list as much as possible right and the the the typical cool。

 guys that are friends of mine I don't really like that word cool but the cool。

 guys in front of mine that I see the naturals that a lot of PUA's call。

 them who are hooking up with two three girls a week they're they are。

 taking girls out to dinners they are doing dinner in a movie but they're。

 doing everything else right as well if you think that taking girls on nice。

 dinners and and then doing date like activities with those girls if that's。

 what's stopping your your PUA success then you have other problems right so。

 it's I think it's this I think it's actually an insecurity of guys when they。

 say not to date a girl to not do not not build I think it's an。

 insecure of them that they're not there to anxious that they can't build the。

 relationships about with somebody that that they actually like most of the。

 naturals that I know are buying dinners for all their friends it's a race。

 who can pick up the bill first it's a there's no they don't say me。

 yeah they don't really look at it like it's a you know you play they play。

 credit card roulette you know they they're not really trying to do the whole。

 I think it's a I think it's very taker mentality to to say that you know。

 you try you know you trying to buy the girl dinner or or seen her you。

 know you're not building that rapport or multiple times is going to stop you。

 from actually having success with the girl I think I think it's coming from the。

 wrong place when they say those things you know obviously you want to be cautious。

 of people just trying to take advantage of you and the easiest way that I found。

 to do that is I do things in groups for example I'm rarely going to just take。

 one girl out for for dinner even I'm just interested in that one girl I'm。

 at least going to have her bring her friends I'm going to create I'm going to make。

 it as social as possible I think a lot of pick up artists you know they。

 are going to have a very important call isolation but they're just trying to。

 isolate the girl from all their friends and something I've been teaching a lot。

 you know over the past year is don't isolate at all just keep the thing as。

 social as possible because they're going to respect that and see that you're。

 very socially acute male and then they're going to give you a lot of credit。

 for that because to try to take someone away from their group of friends and。

 just anything with them one-on-one is just kind of anti-social in the first place。

 so if you're confident that you can still pull that girl in kind of a PUA sense。

 and if you're a friend it builds a massive attraction what I found is that。

 that's actually a lot more beneficial than trying to you know capture the girl。

 and isolate her it's a lot more beneficial to do things in group settings。

 because then you know the it's very easy having a abundant mentality if you。

 have abundance right I'll even tell girls if I'm taking a girl to eat。

 most of my food dates are sushi oriented or Indian food oriented。

 just because I love Indian food I can a lot of girls have an experience。

 I'll show them that right for me it's for me it's a matter of I'll take people。

 to eat or I'll engage with them in that kind of more downtime activity if I feel like。

 there's a good value exchange of enjoyment of just being around each other。

 then I'll do those kinds of activities I think guys need to realize that。

 if you enjoy if you don't enjoy going out to eat then you probably shouldn't be。

 taking people to eat you probably shouldn't be taking girls out to eat。

 but if food is a big part of your life you know which for me it definitely is。

 that I'm every time I eat I'm trying to eat with other people。

 because it's just a very intimate social thing to do with somebody。

 so I think the PUA who are saying you know don't ever take girls out to eat。

 I think they're a little bit skewed I think they're I think they're a little bit。

 insecure about potentially maybe building out a long proper relationship with that person。

 yeah and I like the idea of the group dynamics and I guess one of the things。

 that I think most people forget is the power of that。

 and I think that's really cool to you brought that up I also know that。

 everyone naturally talk about how you should get that one-on-one。

 because eventually you have to be there one-on-one if you're going to be。

 a hookin up with her yeah I guess the balance is just trying to figure out。

 what you want to do and how you're going to do it and that road map that you're talking about。

 yeah I think the I think the thing to understand is you know just because we're。

 going to identify ourselves as pickup artists or game guys or whatever。

 you want to call yourself I think the thing to understand is there's。

 another group of people out there who are having success right I mean。

 every one of our parents have had game success at least once。

 right every one of our dads they were they were able to do what we're trying to do。

 at least once because we're here right so I think the thing to understand。

 is that there is an entire sometimes we don't need to have this huge。

 separation between what the game us game guys do and what real world mainstream。

 guys are actually doing I think is we're very quick to judge them and say。

 oh that's working for him because of this or this other guy has success。

 you know because he's tall because of his job or because of his jacket。

 that he's wearing or because you know people are very quick sometimes to。

 give reasons on why someone's having success instead of have what's called。

 suspension of disbelief and then think that maybe that concept can work for。

 us I have multiple role models in my life that I'm always trying to steal。

 different ideas from and learn from I feel like you know there's at some。

 point in your life you should you should be mentoring somebody and you。

 should be mentored by somebody I like to take that and exaggerate a little bit。

 and I like to come up with different guys in my city they're having the type of。

 lifestyle that I'm after and then I like to aggressively do the things that。

 they're doing even if even if it goes against kind of what I'm doing so for example。

 clothing I think a lot of guys you know don't want to change their clothing to。

 because they think that it's attached that our identity of some sort or。

 they want to keep being themselves I feel like yourself is a very fluid。

 concept I think I don't really want to ever be myself because I want to just。

 keep evolving and getting better and better so guys that have the social。

 circles that I'm after guys that have the lifestyle that I'm after I'll have。

 a massive suspension of disbelief even I think that what they're doing isn't。

 going to help me it doesn't hurt me to try it I'm not going to judge the idea。

 of the concept or a potential role model ahead of time instead I'm just。

 going to hate you know what this guy is doing these five things and he's having。

 tremendous results why I'm not going to say those five things aren't going to。

 work for me I'm just going to do it I'm just going to try those things and。

 if one of those five things works I'll keep doing that one thing and ditch。

 the other four the other thing about your dating life which is really unique。

 and I know you're giving advice to our mutual friend Mike about his three。

 soaps could you talk about how that's influenced and how you are actually。

 organizing that because I think one of the things is you're also doing all。

 these group dynamics group dating because you're really into that and you're。

 good at it yeah I mean for me it's for me it's this I'm not really I。

 definitely ever considered myself a relationship kind of guy but then I。

 always was you know my pick was very same nightly oriented and for about。

 four years you know it was only it was pretty much just same nightly and then。

 I realized that to then I realized that the more people that you meet you're。

 really meeting quality people out there so for me I can never be monogamous。

 for us in my life there's no way I'll be monogamous that but if I still。

 meet girls that I that I think are have a lot of really good energy back。

 and forth between me and them I want to keep them in my life and then but。

 I'm not I'm never going to stop self-progressive I'm never going to stop the。

 game and that's because they go out and do the recruiting right where they。

 go out and help you so the easiest way to get consistent three sums or。

 four sums or five sums is to you know or other orgy type activity is to get。

 at least one girl on board with you and then going out and then meeting。

 other girls that's that's a way to have three sums every seven days a week if。

 you want I probably have between at peak I have two three sums a week two。

 three sums a week and then I have minimum to a month that absolute minimum。

 that's only if I'm if I'm traveling a lot or something how are you gauging the。

 the level of adventurousness that these girls have because I imagine that。

 there's not like there's a certain percentage of girls that won't do this。

 and I think that's probably a lot of girls I mean but I mean they're definitely。

 our girls that are doing obviously but I guess how are you gauging so the way。

 this who's not so so the way that I actually achieve that is I don't gauge either。

 way I just tell myself a hundred percent of girls are down for it so if I tell。

 myself that and again I think it's a lot I think it's at least 75 percent of。

 women are into it but they just haven't been brought into it is the way that I。

 look at it you know I could do it whole I could do a whole product just on。

 three-some game I mean it's it's normal game but in a much different。

 framework because what you do is once you realize and tell yourself that every。

 girl's into it then what you're doing is you're more open to making that。

 happen even if I'm just talking to one girl you know it's just a one-on-one。

 kind of setting I just meet her in a nightclub bar setting and maybe her。

 friend is over there I'm gonna try to get them to escalate on each other。

 rather than me doing escalation this whole thing got started because I realized。

 that third party physical escalation was way better than me trying to verbally。

 escalate with the girl because what it does is it puts too much pressure on the。

 situation whereas the sexual energy is really just kind of in the air it's just。

 kind of around us so if I get the girl that I'm talking to to make out with her。

 friend even if then I don't like the friend it's very easy then for me to。

 then make out with the girl that I'm talking to and then pull her home after。

 that because that's still creating that sexual energy whereas if I just try to go。

 and get that kiss early on in the interaction we're talking three five six。

 minutes in then when I ends up happy is it's me putting all this pressure on。

 her making her make these decisions and choices so I like to do is you know if。

 the her that the girls not willing to even kiss her best friend or her friend。

 then she's not really willing down for the three-some either right so usually。

 I do is I just get them physically escalating as much as possible on each other。

 and that is the gauge that is the litmus test in of itself so what it is is the。

 the act of proper three-some gaming is the test to see if they're down for it anyway。

 does that make sense yeah it makes sense I mean you're kind of creating a。

 situation where it feels like they have to do it because you know that this。

 girl it's like a friend in her action you don't want to break and forth you。

 could be taboo doing with another guy for not being sex because there's not like。

 the expectation of sex at the same time I guess when it's a girl doing it could。

 be just a friend thing might escalate and something that's not that and that's the。

 cool thing is girls I mean with guys when we get a kiss from a girl right。

 where it's like we got a K-Close where it's a it's a it's like this very。

 taker kind of concept and for us it's like we almost leveled up in a video game。

 it's like in a zero to a hundred percent with a girl getting a kiss is like。

 thirty percent or fifty you know like we look at it like it's this is。

 achievement award we've unlocked some new characters something right。

 whereas a girl women look at it like they have all these types of kisses they have。

 like they're just very they're much they're much more less judgmental and。

 free flowing with their emotions so when a girl kisses another you know most。

 girls have kissed it I've never met a girl who hasn't at least peck kissed。

 their friend but the interesting thing is as you're having them you know kiss。

 their friend and then escalate on their friend what is the happiness that you。

 know very very quickly the friendly stuff turns sexual because the what the second。

 that the act is done they realize that they just did it and then they'll giggle。

 they'll kind of laugh and my job is just to keep this together what I actually。

 have these different things that I say to girls like for I mean I ends up getting。

 pretty graphic I use a lot of flash game and threesome game because the more。

 I can just keep the volleyball in the air meaning the more I can just get。

 them to turn to each other I'll take their hands and escalate on each other。

 and I'm and I'm just like this sometimes I'll just go yeah I'm not even here。

 I don't even know what's happening I don't even know what's going on and then。

 as it's progressing I'll say hey you know what this is all about you too I'm not。

 even a part of this but I am a part of it because I'm the glue that's。

 fully together so what I do is a lot of guys when they go for three sums they try to。

 make it all about themselves for me I'll make it completely about the girls I'll。

 even sometimes stand two feet away because I'm the one that's pushing。

 them together I'm the one that's driving us home it's my apartment I'm the one。

 it's you know it's my bed so if they're you know sometimes I'll even set it up。

 where the two girls like I'm like they're not even attracted to me I'm not even。

 a part of it the two girls hook up with each other and then well I'm there I then。

 end up hooking up with both of them and then they end up being extremely。

 attracted to me because I'm the one that held the whole thing together yeah makes。

 to a sense and it's interesting because to me like you have this really。

 interesting game plan involved moving pieces of all sorts of people when you're。

 interacting with just say your partner in crime for example are you letting。

 the other girls know every single time that you have a partner in crime or。

 you're also doing this sometimes kind of like covertly or discreetly yeah so。

 every time that I'm okay so I have an interest in setup so I have I have one。

 main girl and then I have multiple I then I have like multiple girls that are。

 my roster my harem and then I have a bunch of you know fuck buddies that just。

 come into my life and then out of my life right so it depends if I'm with the。

 girl that I've trained up specifically for this then right from the get go。

 every girl we meet knows what's happening I mean it's pretty aggressive。

 because you have that massive bit of pre-selection but then when I'm doing it。

 when I go into a nightclub you know I'm let's say I'm on bouquet I'm going to。

 nightclub completely by myself it's got to be a lot more covert I'm not you。

 I can't go into the nightclub and just you know tell them exactly kind of。

 what's happening because I don't have that pre-selection next to me so I'm。

 just doing it not you know not tandem and I'm just kind of going on and trying to。

 get two girls to have a three-some I need to make it much more sexually。

 suggestive much more innuendo based rather than me actually trying to be。

 aggressive that's why I'll have them completely do all the keynote and。

 touching of each other without me coming in and and and and and grouping them。

 I want to be the cool guy that is standing around encouraging them to。

 test it on each other because then immediately like what ends up happening。

 right after is when I get them to kiss each other they both look at me like。

 now it's my turn because it's reciprocity that's happening so I'm making。

 sure that they're having a fun time leading the interaction I'm getting most。

 of the benefits of the interaction as well which ends up building the。

 attraction all this sounds like related to interactions that are in the。

 clubs what about when you're are you doing like multiple girl dates for。

 hookups also I rarely I mean I have a pretty funny thing I mean if a girl。

 dates me she needs to bring her friends over to me as well and she brings I。

 call it bringing food to the to the dinner table basically so if I'm in a。

 data girl more than once she needs to supply me with girls without me doing。

 anything I have a pretty long-term vision of what I want my my full。

 he got in her hair and type lifestyle to be and you know I end up you know。

 I end up there's a decent amount of girls that end up not fitting into that。

 because they're their lifestyle isn't of that kind of nature so for me I'm。

 always doing multiple dates I mean I'll take all I mean I once had a group of。

 eleven girls that I've slept with all at one dinner that one was pretty crazy。

 because I actually didn't tell you they're all gonna be there so I just。

 wanted basically create I was moving out of that town I just want to see how。

 crazy a situation I could be so I texted every girl that I've slept with in。

 that town to show up for dinner all I said we're gonna go group dinner eleven of。

 them showed up this is in Austin Texas eleven of them showed up and none of。

 them knew that I slept with them until like throughout the。

 near they're like oh how do you know Luke how do you know Luke and eventually。

 half the girls left because I got super mad you know three of the girls。

 end up staying because they liked each other and then it'd be a very very。

 good night for me but I definitely burnt a few bridges on that one what。

 what did it was exactly the girls say to each other well they're just like。

 oh how do you know Luke and they're like oh you know I've known for a while。

 everyone kind of kept saying a while a while a while a while and I just kind of。

 started smirking and I had to go to the bathroom I just thought it was hilarious。

 and I come back and eventually you could just see someone just angry at me。

 because they're like wait you slept with him and then they started kind of。

 comparing timelines and that's all that kind of hairy because they're like。

 wait when did you date him and then you know they both you know so a lot of a lot。

 of your dating is kind of like a discreet yeah for sure yeah yeah yeah I mean。

 here's the thing discreetness should be a part of your game no matter what。

 because if a girl thinks you're gonna be anything other than discreet she's。

 not gonna end up dating you she's not gonna end up sleeping with you so。

 every that that's another reason why withholds so much physical sexual。

 escalation because you know the easiest way to meet a girl who likes you and not。

 actually get physical with her and not actually sleep with the girl is for her。

 friends to think that that's what she's trying to do right girls are ashamed so。

 much from being sexual that if she's with her girlfriend in a you know in let's。

 say a daytime setting let's say you're at coffee shop right I go to。

 Sambo latte a lot of you right then you you meet a couple girls in the coffee。

 shop it's not it doesn't make them look good it's not a very good look on。

 them to just go with some dude and go sleep with them right from the coffee shop。

 so what you have to do is instead be very sexually suggestive so they know。

 that you're a sexual person but then still give them some plausible。

 viability still give them a lot of levels of discreetness yeah it makes sense。

 I guess I'd like to wrap it up with just some of your final thoughts that。

 you'd like to share with the boys for sure people collect every person that。

 you meet put them in your phone even girls that kind of didn't really like you。

 you could tell don't leave the set make sure you are actually trying to still。

 maintain communication with them a set that doesn't go very well set you。

 know an interaction doesn't really go very well but you end up bumping into。

 them two weeks later selling blows open because of the mere exposure effect of。

 seeing these over and over again so first thing is collect as many people as。

 possible phone number Facebook just get their details so that you can follow。

 up with them next thing is you have to have regularity and consistency if you。

 have consistency the things that you're doing even if you just go to the。

 you know variety is not the spice of life when it comes to game right you being。

 entertained when you go out is not gonna it's not gonna help you as much as。

 you have in regularity meaning you go the same every single Monday night if。

 there's an STK in my town I'm at every STK every Monday night because。

 everything called Magnum Mondays Magnum Mondays is a thing that the most beautiful。

 girls in every city show up to because they get comp dinners so they have。

 these tables of six girls five girls seven girls eight girls all around the。

 place and I just I don't even that's most of them go there eat I just go set the。

 bar grab one drink or an appetizer or something you know just go get one drink at。

 the bar it's a very high in place but it's not like you have to pay a lot of。

 money to go there and then now you're around you know 200 of the most。

 beautiful girls in that city because it's a consistent regular type of thing。

 and then the third thing is friend zone is not your enemy friend zone every。

 single girl you meet and then use sexual suggestive language and investment。

 base game to pull them out of the friend zone and get them to your place at， 4 a。m。

 where something sexual can happen that's great I remember back in the。

 day people used to say their friend zone is like this pit and people make。

 videos about how like there's a video of a guy he stops at like a guard gate。

 goes past the guard gate and he keeps going and he comes back to the original。

 guard gate he goes where am I because I guess I'm stuck in the friend zone how。

 to get out you know it's like I'm just continual loop but I guess kind of。

 like found a way around it and I guess it ends by like I had to get out of。

 the friend zone and he goes out and about and exits enters with the exit gate。

 you know I guess that that's funny but I guess yeah there are definitely ways。

 around it and it was really cool to hear all your different thoughts you know。

 and Jack saying hi and yeah thanks for sharing everything。

 me I was off all right cheers。