# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：9意志力_09. Will-Power​--十大赠品微信156066050

那當的時候玩的一定是alla，能活著的，這個運作ij，輪會伸過，因為疫情將來，被包，被控制，私手，有一些所以呢，歺 owner，一共乃因，活動，這次，他們的蛋硬，綜魚，新 Ask，流傳，特朗普。

沒有一個百分之一，其說，當人們在他們的協助，有兩個事情可以發生，一，他們瘋狂，他們把他們帶走，然後他們就能力量，而是那就是在他們的事情， Some people feel that pressure。

 and it motivates them， it inspires them， they push forward， they feel that fire。

 and they go forward， because they don't want the alternative， which is where they lose。

 and they could lose big， other people， they buckle under that stress。

 and they basically just give up， and lose all hope， and their situations。

 where that overabundance of stress， may do that to almost anyone， but if you always see that。

 there's a possibility， and you know that you could win， and you have that possibility。

 that you could win， just chase that， because that willpower， that hope， is really admirable。

 you look at guys like an Nelson Mandela， who was in prison for， many， many years。

 he became the president of his country， even though he was in prison， for being a black man。

 in South Africa， who was trying to fight for freedom， and doing it in a way。

 that was non-violent against other people， and he was under immense suffering。

 and the only way he could survive， is to have that strong willpower。

 and it's kind of like endurance， it's like the mentality， that you have to have。

 when you're running a marathon， or an Iron Man race， I think that mentality， that no matter what。

 you're just going to push your body， to push further， you're going to push your mind， to keep going。

 that's one of the things， I really respected about long distance running， you could do that。

 you win the race， you could do that， you always finish the race。

 I don't know about winning the race， you have to have， that Ray Popper training as well。

 but just an willpower alone， you could finish almost any race， I remember there was a woman。

 that was doing the Iron Man race， which is a full marathon， plus over three miles of swimming。

 plus over a hundred， I think it was a hundred and twelve miles of biking， and doing it all。

 one after another， and his woman was a nun， and she was over 90 years old。

 and she was finishing this race， it was very admirable， that's willpower。

 that's what willpower can accomplish， and if you could do that， I mean， it's amazing。

 in our company， I have a lot of people， who's lives rely on our success， and in fact。

 that their livelihoods， rely on me， gives me the willpower and desire， to keep pushing forward。

 in the toughest of times， within real-sourced dynamics， because I want to make sure。

 that those people， who invested in my vision， my mission， they are taking care of。

 it's that loyalty， that I have to them， because they've been loyal to me， and I want to make sure。

 that if they even listen to careers， and their lives， that they will succeed。

 and so that motivates me， and gives me the willpower， to push forward， it's that， NASA kind of like。

 mission can't fail mentality， and he goes push forward， and he don't let anything stand in your way。

 and there's always creative solutions， I mean it's not just about， willing it， and pushing it。

 it's the willpower， so that your mind is clear enough， so you can also continually think of。

 creative solutions， I know like in NASA， they had situations， where their rocket ship。

 or the space shuttle， would be up and out of space， and their team， is running out of oxygen。

 and may crash， and they don't know， how to adjust the system， because a lot of the technologies。

 that they build， or failing， and they're thinking of a creative solution， to communicate with them。

 or engineer， a makeshift device， to make sure that they survived， and it works。

 if you watch many of the movies， about real life NASA， situations where this happened。

 it basically works， if you have that willpower， and you have that creativity， push things together。

 it does， I think I also have to do， with that， that they're inspired， to have a higher purpose。

 to help people， I think most people， are inspired， for that higher purpose。

 to help even more people in life， and as a result， they want to feel， like they're important。

 by helping others， serving others， it's a very giving mentality， but it's one that serves。

 that higher purpose， and that's why society， functions the way it is， if it didn't exist。

 society would be chaos， it would be selfish people， just trying to get， whatever they want。

 from other people， without trying to care， about what happens， with the society members， at all。

 when you're in situations， where you have to work hard， you have to press forward。

 and there are challenges， that you face， usually you have to suffer， you usually have to experience。

 pain， but you've got to push forward， knowing that you'll be， light at the end of the tunnel。

 even if you're not sure， there will be light at the end of the tunnel， because more likely。

 than not that process， of suffering， and putting in the pain， you'll learn a lot from it。

 you'll learn how far your body， how far your mind， will push， you'll be able to push。

 yourself to the limits， even further in the future， for whatever you do， but on the other hand。

 I've always been inspired， by those people， that are looking at life， and trying to see。

 how far they can push， to their limits， because this is kind of， like the upbringing。

 that I was brought， even when I was a child， and I was at a dinner table。

 my dad was always complaining， about how much food， I had on my plate， at the dinner table。

 he would say， Nick， your eyes are bigger， than your stomach， why did you get so much food。

 and my mom， would say， prove your dad， wrong， but he said it so often， I ended up。

 applying that analogy， to pretty much， everything in life， when someone would tell me。

 I can't become， successful as an entrepreneur， I can't， assess， certain class， I can't。

 finish a race， I can't， assess， the athletic team， or I can't， assess， a particular girl。

 I'd always have the mentality， okay， fine， I'll prove you wrong， that mentality。

 also helped me a lot， with willpower， because it was， deeply ingrained， into my head。

 at a very young age， for other people， they don't have that， they kind of have to。

 learn from other people， that have had， these lessons， this is kind of like， one of those things。

 that just naturally came to me， from my environment， in circumstance， at the same time。

 the most difficult， parts of my life， came from being， situations where， I've had to work。

 really hard， and play really hard， at the same time， like I did when I was， in boarding school。

 that's why， I love， elite-level boarding， school is because， they push you， and I was really。

 awkward when I was， in boarding school， at the same time， I learned so much， even from all。

 the failures I had， and I also had， some success， mostly failures， when I was a kid。

 in terms of like， competing with people， on a very elite level， who are all， working hard。

 and playing hard， because I was basically， they have a， group， mostly as a guy， who is successful。

 compared to my peers， when I was in， a public school setting， and then， when I went to these。

 elite schools， it was， totally different。， Yet the difference， between me and them。

 is I'm able to work harder， and have that， discipline， to excel， and it might be， just enough。

 to exceed， and surpass， even the most， of the elite。， That usually is， the case with。

 almost anything。， The only way you can， get to that is if you， test your physical。

 mental boundaries， to satisfy your， curiosity， of what your body， and your mind， can accomplish。。

 It's not just about， pushing。， You need to do it smart。， You need to seek out。

 people that can help you。， A lot of the people， who would help me， would even just be my， peers。。

 And people， who are willing， to test the boundaries， with me。， I used to go to。

 University of Wisconsin， Madison， as an undergraduate。， I was also， an Air Force ROTC。。

 So I had access， to a military， attachment， that had a， great classroom， inside of it。

 and I had organized， study groups， with guys， were willing to push， your body， into the。

 largest study。， Similarly， when I'm， in business， I have， the same thing。， When I'm working。

 on huge， product launches， with Tyler， or working on， content development。， The ability to find。

 people who are， willing to help you， is to， support you， to push your， boundaries further。

 that can also， support your， willpower。， Because sometimes， you don't want to do， it yourself。。

 You need， other people to help you。， But I've always， been， involved in， those things in life。

 that are just ordinary。， And if you want to do， that in life，， you definitely， have to have。

 hardcore， willpower。， More willpower， than the next guy。， Because the difference， between you。

 and the next guy， is usually not that， much。， Other than just， the ability， that you're。

 able to put， in that extra work。， A lot of people， are attracted， to the magic， piling-tality，， the。

 six-minute-ab，或者，成實一點的， sytuator 想你機會， good irvain，trick，又是難以，也不支付，如果打人的，。，那種，什麼事必須，一cü？，那一周，請一名，一位。

因此，他們，完全一名，trick，如果有程度想要怎樣做，請按照，這個排名， wäre。