# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：05.RSD的影响如何影响正规教育_05. How RSD Influence Can Affect Formal Education​​--十大赠品微信156066050

我 think it's fun that students who are in college， in university will ask me how much they wish RSD could influence their formal education。

 and although we're not in classrooms and we haven't worked with the Board of Education although I had the fantasy that that would actually happen when I first created RSD。

 we are actually trying to get involved with formal education as much as we can。

 when I was living in Cambridge， Massachusetts， I got invited to be the keynote speaker and on the panel at the Harvard Entrepreneur Conference。

 where I talked about RSD through the topics of building a global company and also how entrepreneurship in general could be something that people who are Harvard students could do。

 and I thought that was so cool to share my story and I had a speech very similar to the one I did in London which I shared in the RSD Founders Club。

com membership site， and I did also a lot of Q&A and I thought it was so cool to be able to influence students so much so that I even considered trying to get a lecturer or temporary teaching position at a university。

 because I thought it was so cool and so much fun。 I even thought about creating a program how to run a controversial business like a business of the seven-dileysons of business and having a business that represented each of the sins。

， For us we'd represent lust。， Other than that we've also done a lot of presentations for universities and as a student。

 when I was a student at business school I was doing business school presentations for my university nutters。

 but I also was invited to do presentations for other universities all across Los Angeles， CCOAL。

 UMU， USC and other universities in schools and I know that other RSD instructors have done programs at the University of Texas。

 Austin and other schools like University of Chicago。。

 I thought that was really cool because we could get the interest of students and so much of our client base are actually university students。

， Most of them are actually post university students。 In fact， if you look at our client base。

 maybe a percent of them are how we educated， college educated guys。

 people who are in college or just graduate from college。。

 We also like helping students with internships。 In fact。

 we even advertise on university bulletins and online bulletins about our internships。

 Now people can evolve and learn more about business and learn more about RSD。。

 We actually will most of our recruiting to RSD nation and to our customer database yet the same time。

， A large portion of our client base are actually presently students and some of them maybe even take time off from school just to work with us and get deeper involved。

， In fact， a lot of our RSD instructors came through that path and then became interns and became instructors。

， That's the rare path most of the time though actually just interned with us for a while and it may or may not join business administration。

 But it's a great way for people who potentially want to get involved with a global company that's doing some really cool things going really fast and learning a lot。

， We hire a lot from local universities。 We love doing so because it's guys who are young have a lot of passion。

 have a lot of energy。 And in business that's what you look for。

 You're looking at that for that same kind of thing though and most people say dating lives or social lives as well。

， You want to be around educated young， exciting people。

 And that's pretty much what we look for within RSD as well because they're moldable。

 They're willing to grow， they're willing to learn and have that excitement energy for life and they're not bogged down from all the typical things that are going on in people's lives from having other jobs or other demands or other things。

， And I love also the idea that when people are university because a lot of people say there's not a lot of value in university but for me I'm the exact opposite of most of people who are like that。

 I view that universities have great value。， Maybe their teachers are not always the best。

 Maybe their subjects are taught in a more bland way but that formal education and style of academia really has done a lot for our own company and how I think about the world。

， I love also sharing ideas with professors。 In fact。

 even today I was talking to a professor from my business school from USC。

 He's assessed from entrepreneur。 He does about two to three hundred million dollars a year and revenue for a technology company that he owns on the side。

， And I was sharing ideas。 You know I've graduated from USC over a decade ago from my business school。

 I still see him touch with my professor because I think it's really awesome to share ideas with him。

， And also I'm doing an interview earlier today with a guy who is a financial advisor。

 And he's somebody who made all of his money just from interviewing professors and then saying。

 hey I can manage your money。， And he's one of the most successful financial advisors in Beverly Hills。

 I also like how RSD is getting more involved with actually having our staff and our executives and everyone in becoming students learning formally because it brings a lot more new and fresh ideas to the table from studying case studies of larger businesses。

， For me， I'm doing on campus classes at Harvard University。

 I think that's something that's allowed me to interact with a lot of students there and share ideas and also learn from their experience from big businesses。

， When I first started RSD， I was a grad school student。

 I just was undergraduate and just sure after that I came to grad school student because I went straight from undergraduate to grad school。

 And as a grad school student， I thought that because I had a company。。

 And in our first year of business， we were doing over a million years。

 I thought that I was someone of a know-it-all。 But instead of all these guys who are just not even entrepreneurs but just working for large scale companies。

 I learned so much from just interacting with these people。， At the same time。

 RSD is being quoted in PhD thesis。 I know someone quoted us in our Harvard PhD thesis。

 On the other hand， other people are sharing us in lecturers。

 like professional PhD lecturers from doing that。， I know that public VRD is being spread virally through YouTube and social media and then professors are quoting us。

 I've been sent random articles from academic research magazines and letters。

 from all sorts of people that are like that。， And I've lost all of our clients。

 have even become professors， where they were professors and then they signed up for our program。

 And I think that RSD is really influencing formal education， but in the same way。

 other private corporations are influencing academics and academic community without having to be a textbook。

， I don't always see a subject being in there for pickup artistry anytime soon。 Might in the future。

 I mean， I would never have expected to see class on hip-hop dancing in the university。

 but at the same time， doing the universities are trying to offer this kind of stuff。， Even so far。

 I've seen people offering classes in university on pole dancing。 It's amazing。

 We also see us doing a lot more books and educational programs。

 And I think that will have a lot of influence on the formal books。

 especially books that are in the educational community that are focused on business and psychology。

 because we go so deep in understanding females psychology， the dynamics of social psychology，。

 and a lot of these principles really relate deeply to the success that you have in business。

 entrepreneurship， and marketing。， I know personally。

 just from teaching this program that I'm developing with RSD now， turns to like。

 if you're a business， live your social life， or what have you。

 I know a lot of ideas and concepts can be elaborated much more detail。

 and turn into books that are focused on business。， And I know that tower for sure。

 you turn almost any topic into a book and relate to psychology。 But we do it mostly in videos。

 because you can elaborate much more detail， it's much more interesting。。

 And most people use books as a brochure to get attention。

 and try to get a following where we already have a large following。。

 We have a strong client base in students that are sharing us in class， and I think that's really。

 really cool。， And I think that having that student mindset and even being a student myself。

 I think it's important。 I think everyone should always be a student， never forget that。。

 I think a lot of people will discount it， especially people that have never been really deep into formal education。

 they'll discount university， they'll discount college。

 but they'll never have actually even tried it， or maybe they'll try one or two classes。。

 And I think that could be somewhat of a shame， because there's been a lot of statistical tracking that people who go through that formal education will have more success in relationships。

 or have less chance of divorce， they have an on average higher success in business。。

 So I find a lot of value in formal education， I see myself being studying business law and many other topics in formal education。

 in addition to outside of the formal educational process for many， many years to come。。

 I hope that RSD influences that process， and I hope that you'll see a lot more of what we're teaching into formal education in the future。

。