# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：07.如何过一种无家可归的成功生活_07. How to Live a Homeless Hardcore Life of Success​​--十大赠品微信156066050

我是操福黨的人，並要捋通，我起員Spent，更請您們，這個幫助終點，突禁用死亡國家一切，因為我成功可能，如果有一個不活電，一運是在，他的手機中，預約美元，機率是，欸，到達60，000 DARS，就看到。

便有70，000 DARS，那回君市，但那個手機張開完，你们是不是总比去，小一个非常eter，他对我主持人山，在这一天，主持人环境，很多人十一天，多长则，迷恶的，所以对我主持人，irdian。

可能而无议，但是，結構 做這件大大事 罷兵上維持出沛隊的，很全民的佩服回應生盒 Shaoia，是第一玩家說，美國道理毒用的，把有市長制在，中國的平房，還好，這是一個。

-會親自睡覺而 commitment，化石板，怎麼罷 investe，甘法國一海，那 they would give you three free meals。

 to get them know the community to decide， what do you want to have shared rooms。

 at these random hippies。， I even went so far as not to use， couch-surfing travel websites。

 but to find random online friends， to travel and get people to host me。。

 I would contact people with just， from internet discussion boards。

 relating to topics always interested， in like picking up girls or self-improvement， and say， hey。

 I'm trying to do this to the other， I just like to crash with you。， I don't know who you are。

 but I need a place to crash。， I'm just making new friends。， I'm a cool guy。。

 He's a little bit about who I am in my journey。， I even met one guy who was。。。。

 he went by the nickname，， couch-surfing Ari。， And he was couch-surfing， among random houses。。

 But he even crashed at the home of， a few billionaires， millionaires，。

 and really interesting people from around the world， that became friends。。

 I did this within the RSD network。， I was crashing within the RSC Inner Circle。

 networks within RSC Nation。， I sent out an email to our email list， of over a decade ago，。

 which was a few hundred thousand people， and I said， hey， I'm doing this towards。

 and we are free seminar to where I want to crash， for free at your place。。

 And I'm coming to the cities around the world， giving all these free presentations。。

 I did this because in order to cover， our massive growing debt，， I had to get our message out there。

 and more people than just Los Angeles。， People were flying just to us back in the day。。

 And I got so many people interested in us， and we were able to move all over debt。。

 But when I was in the situation， where I had no money，。

 I was literally just bumming rides with people。， I couldn't afford to pay for a taxi。。

 They have situations where I have like， four huge luggages。， And I wouldn't even be lugged。。

 And one of them might be a laundry bag， and I'd have like a maximum carry-on check。。

 So I had to have to like put many bags，， like a computer bag and an AV gear bag。

 and a laundry bag and carry it on my shoulder， as if it was one carry-on bag。。

 So we didn't have to pay for checkbaggers， because I didn't even have money for a new check bagager。

， I mean， I go through a taxi。， A lot of tough situations。。

 I even had a situation where when I was on tour，， I'd be able to travel to sometimes 30 countries。

 in a month for about 2000 something a month， and then through to food and any travel。

 or would have you because I was literally， bumming off of the lives of the people。

 that I was just crashing with。， I improved my social situation with reading，。

 with research and with hard work， because while I was doing all that，。

 I was continually studying reading materials， on how to get out of that situation。。

 I was working on the internet， because Wi-Fi is free in so many different places，。

 whether it's Starbucks or library or just going to research。， Contacting people。

 trying to find ways， to build a company， to build my business。

 and get a situation where we are on track。， I think that knowing that success is a process。

 and as possible， go from composing a homeless， to one of the largest houses in the Hollywood Hills，。

 well， the largest house in the Hollywood Hills， is something that you can definitely see as a possibility。

， I'm here to be a living testament of that process。。

 But a lot of that is just really based in the fact， that I was able to not give up hope。。

 I was able to push forward。， I was able to hustle。， I was saving， being frugal。。

 Always coming from the place that I know， I had a lot to offer the world。。

 I was a highly educated person， and always focusing on game more contacts，。

 more people to help out me。， And I think most people are naturally a little bit selfish。

 and if you can transform to someone who's more selfless，， I'm just focused on sharing stories，。

 having fun adventures and is risking it all。， That kind of personality， that kind of free，。

 flowing personality and freedom is very， very attractive。。

 I have always focused on sharing my success stories。

 and trying to captivate interest in helping US students。， And we've been trying to do that。

 with our RSC instructors to do the exact same thing。。

 Most of our instructors have had to deal with the issues， not maybe to the extreme that I did it，。

 but in some way or another。， Because I was always telling my instructors，， look， if I could do this。

 you could do this too。， And I didn't make them live in a car or anything。。

 But I've had instructors who were living with volunteers，， just people that were interested。

 in hosting them in the crash in your couch。， I had had instructors though。

 who didn't like the volunteer they were staying with。， So much so that they literally went outside。

 the volunteer's department， found bushes，， got their backpack and clothes， and made a bed out of it。

， And literally was completely homeless。， On the other hand。

 I was at a five star hotel upscale lounge。， I met this beautiful girl， well dressed and everything。。

 I said， hey， where are you living？， She goes， oh， I'm living on the beach。。

 And I looked at a ride of her on the floor。， It was a backpack。， And I bitten that backpack。。

 It was her entire life for clothes and everything else。， So I guess it wasn't that uncommon。。

 And I guess she ended up at the end of that night。

 and picked up from some guy and ended up not spending， the night on the beach。， She got a bed。。

 But at the same time， a lot of people， have done this kind of counterfeit lifestyle。

 when you're young。， And some of that you could do when you're young，， you're really into travel。

 you're really into adventure，， you're very open-minded about what's going on。， But more importantly。

 if you are in a situation， whether you're in a more mature situation，， stay optimistic。。

 You've got to look at the attitude and positive outlook， that could be there， the possibilities，。

 never losing hope。， It's like watching that movie，， pursuit of happiness with Will Smith。

 playing in a guy who eventually became a very successful， investor。。

 And he was living literally in bathrooms and train stations。， It became successful。， These stories。

 although inspire the imagination， and inspire the spirit of the human desire for adventure，， hope。

 and risk-taking， it's actually not as uncommon， as people may think。。

 If you look at most business owners， entrepreneurs，。

 most of us have been on the edge of these situations。， And many people， though。

 are in an edge of these situations， and they fall off and they die。， Socialy， financially。

 everything。， In fact， 9 out of 10 of these people who。

 are in that situation will fail in three years。， In five years， 99% of people who try。

 to go down this path of like trying， to succeed at creating a company as a push。

 is getting a standard job in having， that safety security and avoiding all this risk of the hardcore。

 homeless life。， It's a risk you have to be willing to take。

 if you want to get that high risk kind of reward。， At the same time， there's a lot of ways。

 to get that happy， healthy life without doing any of this。。

 I'll ask some people what they want to do。， And they'll just say， oh。

 I want to be a computer programmer， and do cybersecurity for this really popular， large company。。

 I think that just is great。， As next guy， he says， oh， I want to create this high tech。

 company that is going to be the next way， of trading financial services and currency。。

 I think they're both equally great。， And they both have the equal amounts of success。

 if you have the right person behind you，， if you have the right mentors behind you，。

 if you have the right ambition to write goals and write， dreams。， But all in all。

 if you want to have any success，， whether it's taking this hardcore homeless life。

 and trying to get massacess and still having an outlook，， that you have the time to pick up girls，。

 build a company， or just try to get out of that situation， and jump into a proper job。。

 Stay optimistic。。