# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：4创建社交圈和党的文化_04. Creating a Social Circle and Party-Culture​​--十大赠品微信156066050

非常。，我比較容易進行，另一個很 trying to understand，我都表示，我做得對手迷，因為我有用偉小東西，但实际上，但这太高的理吃，心脊口，要好多似契拿，这怎么办，远远不是，这样的。

因为几 ranking，里边比用，两个首先，不能取过，市民修理，但是，比如台接，这为什么，不是，为什么，在立刻，我在第一名時，都是要噴幾十公ah，如果 cada人 declare，只要有以前住的。

那如果談看到，每次尊敬，那你經常 counseling，你到底在這點，真的想求，因為訊息，要不然一定成為，提供同一個，對待同個關於，眾生產，就能夠講 gradient，所謂，大家有關什麼，才認為。

先不得飛，你知道或者 Vietnam，大家有關聯機，跟戰軍，破 Оעל，正好要看這節目，事情就是，誰選舉，成為著美國人，進行門機場，義務那些，而im Hyper fick，和深得，他們。

一定會把中國文明，起因，正好，為什麼，我想要，，我已經想最後做一件事，我可以，也就是通過這個愛好安保的，如果您亂說，也沒很多常識便宜，讓他們忘記，更真的是，這次 shooting，路衛隊友，連巫女團團。

主持人，所有看圖，正是，想畫場，嘗試，我 am the president and founder of real social dynamics， but at the same time。

 I've always conveyed that， even to people who， I haven't even， really gotten to know。

 or even before they even knew who real social dynamics is， because。

 right now a lot of people know who we are， I've always been to open friends， of any kind of person。

 any kind of social setting， whether they're like the cool guys， the jocks， the nerds。

 or whatever from school， or whether the guys， who are really successful， are not successful。

 because you never know what you're gonna learn from other people， I'm always open to that。

 it could be a big challenge for people， especially when you're used to judging people。

 on how they look， when you're used to judging people about how they dress。

 or what success they may or may not have， you'll be surprised。

 I have a lot of interesting people that I've met， that maybe even。

 I met one guy who was just an Uber guy， and he used to have a huge company。

 doing millions of dollars， and now he's just doing Uber， because he wanted to chill for a bit。

 I thought it was so funny， I even considered doing it myself， but I never did it， I probably won't。

 just because I don't have the time， but you never know， I'm open to all sorts of things。

 all sorts of friends， but just having that attitude， and it'll convey。

 in who you're interacting with， because what you feel deep down inside， will be expressed。

 what you feel inside will be conveyed， your inner game， your inner actualization， will be expressed。

 I mean game is really just a conveyance， of who you are， using the rhythms， of how you feel。

 in an interaction， conveying that outwards， that's why it's so important to have fun。

 because when you're having fun， other people are gonna have fun around you as well。

 and when you are able to have a lot of fun， you're able to lead the interaction， guide it。

 be in top of your wit， I think that there's been evidence。

 because the same chemicals that involve fear， are the same chemicals you feel in excitement。

 when you're in your， if you look at， people who are having fun。

 usually there's that strong excitement， so a lot of people will be scared， and they might be timid。

 and they might not be having fun， but if you look at， from that standpoint。

 I mean that's why people go on roller coasters， they want that fear， they want that excitement。

 and eventually you can loosen up and have fun， the same goes when you're out。

 interacting with people in unusual settings， view that， that standpoint。

 and you'll be more likely to social experiment， and get things deeper。

 look at those nights that may start slow， if you're going out to pick up girls， and you're like。

 okay this is a slow night， and push things further， and it might turn into a phenomenal one。

 that's what we talked about， bringing the boats and pushing things forward。

 sometimes I would have as an exercise， for our clients。

 that if you are not obsessed with picking up girls， go out to the field， hit upsets。

 and don't give up， until you're the last man standing in that club， and even go further。

 go outside the club， and keep pushing forward， I've had situations where I didn't even go out。

 at an odd night， and had an awesome time， just met some girls， even after they're leaving the bar。

 outside the bar， and I wasn't even inside the bar， you'll never know， a night may start slow。

 but at any point of the night， you can meet a girl， you can have an awesome adventure。

 you can have an awesome time， and the same goes when you're in business settings。

 but you got to take action， and never let those snow nights get you down， just those things。

 people say， oh I need to get in state， don't worry about that， just chill。

 and just know you can turn yourself on all the time， so even Kovie。

 who wrote a great book on seven habits， of how you affect the people， he's just saying。

 you are in control of your own emotions， know that， and then use that， so that you can push forward。

 through any kind of interaction， any kind of situation， invest your time in others。

 and they will do the same for you， when you're out there， and you're trying to create a situation。

 where you're having a really deep emotional connection， with people。

 or just superficial connections， it doesn't really matter。

 as long as you're just investing your time in people， because people will inspire ideas in you。

 even if they're people that， you never expected to hang out with。

 even if they're people that you probably， will never expect to hang out with。

 because you're on tour on the road， I would literally go out myself sometimes。

 night I would go to random stays in Europe， and I would just go out myself at night。

 and just try to explore， and meet random people， and have fun adventures。

 I wouldn't try to get their name， I wouldn't try to get their number， I would just try to have fun。

 try to learn something interesting， or get a new adventure， and that was a really cool thing。

 now I prefer to actually stay in touch with people， I prefer to surround myself with talent。

 no people on the deeper level， and cut out those people or downers。

 the thing is when you're out in life， you're always going to have people。

 that have that positivity around them， in fact that's the only thing we look for。

 when we're hiring people for real social dynamics， is that they have a positive attitude。

 because skills you can train anyone， to have any kind of skill set。

 but those people that are downers， I will have no willingness to interact with them anyway。

 people that are just how we negative， and how we， you know， intrusive emotional leeches。

 I will not work with them， I'd rather not have a social circle。

 than have a social circle full of leeches， I would rather not have even a company。

 if I had a company that had downers， even if I had to work with them。

 even if it was making me millions of dollars， or what have you。

 because I feel like it's that much more important， for you to have that happiness in your life。

 I think when you show and you tell， how much you value other people。

 and why your friends mean so much more to you， you would attract a lot more loyalty。

 so many people forget to appreciate those people， even those people that they just met。

 and I mean a lot of people will be like， oh you just need to tease the girl or what have you。

 but in the day of life， where we actually want to connect with people。

 there's a lot of value just giving compliments to the people， and giving like genuine compliments。

 like unique things you like about them， like the commonalities that you might have。

 in terms of playing like the same video games， and how unique it is， or back to someone's。

 it would travel around the world by themselves， and how you adventures you think it is。

 and how you appreciate that adventure's spirit， and these little kind of things like that。

 as opposed to saying hey you're hot or cool， those genuine compliments shows that you took thought。

 that's what the definition is for me， and what a genuine compliment is， but be a connector。

 be a guy that obviously is moving around， from place to place， mean people。

 connecting people with each other， and they will value that， if you can convey that。

 you're that kind of person， they'll realize that you have resources， and that you're resourceful。

 and people will see that， and people will love being around people。

 that are resourceful because they know， that they could always come to you for something。

 whether it's advice about a particular topic， they know you're gonna look into it。

 with the power of Google and the internet， and all sorts of things out there。

 you could find out and know anything， your brain is basically the size of Einstein's brain。

 you're like the smartest person in the world， because everyone has a cell phone。

 that could potentially get on the internet， or if they don't they'll have a computer。

 or they could get access to something， that can share knowledge， so always look for that knowledge。

 be a connector， share knowledge， share ideas， and do it。

 because you can get access to all sorts of interesting things。

 people always like talking to me about， how I'm able to get access to a elite level stuff。

 connect people on a very elite level， I like sharing what I consider。

 those red carpet-ish access to all， but I've started doing that， even when I didn't have any access。

 to all these school glamourous events， like the Grammy， Grammys， Emmys， Oscars， things like that。

 I just have access to like the regular promotional materials， that people would promote。

 I used to practice being a club promoter， passing out fires， I was doing that。

 every since I was 12 years old， and going into bars and clubs。

 and passing out fires at different music stores， like Tower Records in California。

 and I would go and get dropped off my data in my club， and hang out backstage with rock stars。

 but I was doing this， because I was just passing out fires， and I would tell people。

 hey this is the coolest event in town， I would upsell it as like this。

 they know it was a glamorous event， I said if it was a red carpet event。

 because I over-hyped things， I know that when you guys are dating， or going out with girls。

 or you're picking up girls， even overseeing the thing you're gonna do， after going to the club。

 it was like overseeing going out， to get a drink afterwards， going through a late night diner。

 as if it's the coolest food on the planet， these little things of a mess， and excitement。

 make things more fun， it you're building that， a brand to your adventure。

 and experience it around you， and when you frame things in that interesting way。

 people will actually follow your frame。