# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：01.与妻子建立亲密关系_01. Creating Hot Relationship With Wife​​--十大赠品微信156066050

As a married guy，，I get a lot of questions from our clients about how to manage a successful relationship with your significant other。

， Especially considering so much of our culture and so many of our students are focused solely on getting the one-night stand to pick up。

 and then they are wondering about how to take things to the next level and grow。。

 I wanted to talk to you about some of the things that I do with my wife that I believe is loudest to have a really awesome relationship。

， Some of the things are focused on getting those weekly experiences。。

 So having a regular day for a date day for example has really helped。。

 Now you don't have to do anything crazy。， I mean I sometimes go to a spa or have a dinner at home or go to a nice restaurant or a TV video gaming。

， But the most important part is when I hang out。， Sometimes I'll just be hanging out by the fireplace and just talking。

， But the bottom line is more important than anything else。。

 You have a time where just the two of you can catch up。

 float the floor and do things just the two of you with all distractions of the world。。

 Because there's so many crazy things going on in life and business。， For you， for her。

 or for school， for your students。， You just want to ignore all those things。

 make them fade away into the distance， just focus on the agenda。。

 This will also allow you to have a much better sex life because you're building that intimacy。。

 And so many people forget that， especially when they get married。。

 They end up having so many things like their family， their friends， their soul circle。。

 They just forget all those things and it really affects things and you can't let that happen。。

 You got to remember who your woman is。， You got to focus on her dreams， her goals。

 and ideally help her accomplish them。， Share your own with her。。

 What I used to do is have all her goals， all her dreams， shared， mapped out and talked about。。

 And talk about how we can help each other。， Whether it's resources or just doing research on the internet together or introducing her to people or me actually proactively being a part of it。

， So for example， in my wife's situation， she wants to grow a business so fortunately we're able to help her with that quite easily is that's one of my main focuses in life。

 growing my business。， And even easier so， her business is on video production。， And guess what。

 RSD has a ton of video equipment。， So it works out perfectly there and she's able to help her creative knowledge and on the other side she's able to help us because she helps us with a lot of video jobs as well。

， But that's just one of those unique things。 On the other hand， when you're in a dating life。

 you might not have such a deep kind of thing like I have with my wife。， On the other hand。

 just talking about her goals and dreams， sharing that inspiration and sparring。

 showing that you have an intention to have a shared vision really helps。， So get her knowledge。

 get her insights， get her ideas and share them。， A lot of us talk about is sharing our own knowledge。

 kind of being the leader， teaching， guiding， leading。

 And that's still very important when you're in your relationship as well。。

 You've got to share your ideas， but you've got to also listen to her。， And you know。

 ideally you have to be in a situation where you can really push things forward and move things forward。

， And a lot of that comes from getting what she's really good at and ideally helping her。

 So teaching is a skill that we used to talk about and pick up where you can teach somebody a skill。

 teach someone a fun thing。， And in a relationship it's more about teaching or something that is more practical and something that is cool。

， And we also do the teacher just something that's fun， just for fun and add that as a game。。

 Like I'll teach my wife video games and we'll do that for fun。， However， more importantly。

 we're talking about here for business and how it's going to help you in your social life as well。。

 And use some of the parallels in building relationships to how it'll help you in your life。。

 So introduce her to the people in your row of decks and help her grow her row of decks and you'll at the same time grow your own。

， That knowledge from having a larger soul circle， pushing things forward always comes back full throttle。

 full circle。， And even deeper so， a lot of people will have that phrase， happy life。

 happy wife or happy wife， happy life。， And so much of that is true。

 And it goes even so when you're in a relationship with someone who's not even your wife。。

 So maybe you just be your girlfriend。 I have a lot of friends who have that issue。

 On the other hand， I have a lot of friends who have much more， they have maybe two girlfriends。。

 They have multiple relationships at the same time， especially in our pick-up bars community。

 And these people really have to push things forward and really have even more work to do。， For me。

 it's a lot easier to simplify my life。， And the other thing you want to focus is always trying to expand her interests to get her more involved with outside interests so that she's not focused just on business。

 just on your social life， just on you。， You want this so that your innovation and your relationship never stays stale。

 I remember seeing TV shows on day relationships sites。。

 And in order to create an effective commercial， you're always talking about the pain。

 And the biggest pain that I think a lot of people worry about is having that stale relationship。

 the relationship fails。， So I was watching a TV show and it was having two zombies that were dating on a couch。

 And then they got in the color and their zombies， this disappeared。。

 And one of the ways to really kill this is for this。 Some of the things I've also done。

 since I've been in education， is I've actually gone to relationship building seminars from people that are really into this or studying things like about sex。

， I know at Harvard University they have this sex fest， but it's not as crazy as， like say。

 a Burning Man festival or some swing event。 It's more just a sex education event。

 but it's done in a fun way with interesting speakers from around the world。。

 And I think things like that are cool also and also adds interest to your daily life because things that really are exciting topics to all women are about sex and dating。

， Exposure women also to new cultures。 If you could travel， that's always great。

 But also even low-queeders， new cultures of people that you could interact with and grow your soul circle。

 And it's always a lot of fun。， I myself am always fascinated by learning about new cultures because I find that it's always been my goal to kind of spread the RSC message around the world and see how far other cultures are away from this。

， For example， in India and Finland， there are cultures are a lot more different than the American culture。

 whereas someone like from the UK has a more similar culture。。

 And I've always been fascinated by how far things can go。 I mean， if you look at travel halls。

 you'll also have new experiences to share together。。

 So I always love the dating life of being able to take your girl on a traveling adventure because of that purpose。

， On the other hand， it's not just about the experiences。

 The most important part is having those same values and making sure they're congruent to your lifestyle。

， So if you're interested in having a strong family life。

 if you want to have a woman that wants to have kids。

 you want to make sure that when your dating has that same interest and not finding out about it。

 way later down to line that you're in completely different paths。， On the other hand。

 if you're looking for someone who's ambitious and is going to help your career。

 it's going to be behind you like the First Lady is for the President of the United States。。

 You want to look for that also。 But try to filter this out early on in your dating life because in the long run。

 it's important。， People will always change， but don't rely on that change。 On the other hand。

 if things change too much， be ready for that。 Be flexible。。

 And you got to be prepared by having a large role at ex-averiast people。

 it will also make you be more understanding。， And that's judgmental of any changes also in your relationship。

 You also might want to try her interests。， So if she's interested in some kind of new robot exercise。

 especially if it's not totally outside into the hardcore feminist kind of exercises or hardcore feminist exercises。

， it's something that you guys can both do together， like hiking or something like that。 Try it out。

 You might enjoy it。 You might be surprised。， I know a lot of people who are like， oh。

 totally like the city guys， but just try things that are of interesting。

 Because it's always this premise that I remember hearing this very young。

 that if you are interested， you're more interesting。， And by doing so。

 it's going to really keep things fresh， refreshing， and more fun。 And that's really important。。

 You should also look for hints。 When a woman asks you questions。

 it usually means that she wants you to actually follow her lead。， So I listen to things like。

 she'll say， do you want to do this or do you want to do that？ Or， hey， should we go this way？。

 Usually it's a question or a form of a question， but it's usually a statement。

 And just be ready for that。 And listen for those things。， Sometimes it's not。

 but most of the time it usually is， or listen to those hints。 If she's bringing up a certain topic。

 that just is something that she's just brought out nowhere。。

 Realize that there's an interest in that， and you should probably look into that。

 But listen to those little subtle cues。， Of all this happens also， really importantly。

 in the business world， where someone will hint at something。

 or talk about something that may not be working out properly。。

 And those little tiny conversational mentions， even though there's little things。

 those little things that matter more importantly to them， that almost anything。。

 And usually those little things are hints， because they don't want to bring it up in a big way。

 and make a big deal out of it。， And the fear of possibility that it could turn into something that you disagree with。

 even evolve into an argument， or something that is really bad。。

 Just make sure that you provide the emotional support that you need for your partners。 I mean。

 if it's in your dating life， you definitely want to do that。。

 But you also want to do it for any person。 When you're with your friends。

 when you're in your business， you need to be there for them。。

 Provide them emotional support by investing in their needs。

 or interest showing genuine concern for them that you care。 And as a result。

 you'll get a lot more out of them。， You also get a lot happier relationships。

 And if you want to have a heart relationship， have a great sex life。

 have someone who's going to listen to you， someone who's going to trust you。

 and someone who's going to be happy being with you for the long term， as opposed to just short term。

 these are all extremely important。， If you want to create a heart relationship。

 you've got to have a solid foundation。 A solid foundation involves a very stable routine， liability。

 dependability， but also a lot of excitement， adventure， exploring。。

 So continue to think outside the box， continue to explore whether you're in business or your dating life。

 do both。。