# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：07.关系管理_07. Relationship Management​​--十大赠品微信156066050

Mangering a relationship， especially with a girl that you want it to last，。

 is something that is very different than the typical pickup process。。

 For many in order to get it successful，， they'll have a situation where they'll do the typical pickup and then they'll hook up with the girl。

 and they'll try to turn that into a longer term relationship。， On the other hand。

 sometimes those relationships will be those kind of relationships。

 that are really short and fluid because they're based on more of the sexual experience and the adventure。

， On inner times， taking it slow， doing those day-to's and follow-ups。

 are usually going to result in a longer term relationship。

 more than this typical pickup artist pickup relationship。

 where you just have the fast sex and then you continue forward with some kind of relationship。。

 And I think that usually it's because you're basing it upon some kind of a friendship。

 even though there's an understanding that there's sexual chemistry。

 and emotional chemistry at the basis of your relationship and you portray that in the first interaction。

， You are obviously touching the girl and interacting with her，。

 going through some kind of physical issue process。。

 If you want to actually have a longer term dating relationship， and have that continue forward。

 be cognizant that there is a slower process， that usually happens， a process of deeper。

 meaningful conversations and what have you。， On the other hand。

 I know a lot of people who have done it at the opposite route。

 were just crazy about adventure and they've lasted for a while。。

 I'm talking about those people who have seen long-term and for people that even gone married。。

 But make sure you're not coming across when you're interested in having this relationship。

 as only platonic， especially if you're in that romance and courtship period。

 and you're trying to figure out whether or not these girls interested in you。。

 But once you get that， once you have that established that you're both really actually interested。

 in the Cheddarford purposes of dating。， You can do things like clarifying your desires that you want to help them。

 establish a queer-like vision and lifestyle together。， That's what relationship is。。

 You're actually talking about the common mutual things that you get to help。， You Cheddaron。

 just like you do with any other kind of friendship。。

 I even know RSD instructors who have been in relationships。

 where they've even helped their girlfriends graduate from college。。

 All the support resources even help them with their educational topics。

 because they're all very highly educated guys。， Most of my RSD instructors are highly educated guys who even form an educational process。

， Now， in terms of what it means for relationships for or sparking that relationship。

 if you're still in that process of courtship， don't be concerned if you're falling up with the girl。

 and it may take like a lot of back and forth to get her to meet up with you。。

 A lot of people are concerned that they're just spending so much time gaming that girl。

 and they're doing it via text message。， While other people will respond like you invite your friends out。

 and you're like， hey， we want to meet up。， They just meet up。， Sometimes with girls。

 you have to do a lot of the back and forth，， sharing stories and doing all that remotely。。

 Because especially if you're in that dating period， she might be dating other people。。

 She might have a lot of her friends and you're not necessarily the number one thing in her life。

 to focus on at that time。， You guys haven't had a long established history of a few years of friendship or anything。

 like she might have with her close friends。， But don't worry about that。。

 Just realize that there's a process。， You're taking that mindset slower。。

 Especially if you're in the same city as girls that you want to date。

 and you can continue to imagine when you had the time to do that with multiple girls at the same time。

， For some people， this process might seem like a lot of work and that's fine。， In fact， for me。

 I viewed the whole process of dating and building relationships。

 and even relationship management with my social circle， kind of like a business。

 where I viewed myself as a CEO of my own business，， relationship management company。。

 And I still look at that even for my dating life。。

 I think that if you look at it like you have a business or you have a job。

 and you have all sorts of tasks， roles， responsibilities in your job。

 that have to be met at a certain time， and you have all sorts of players。

 that you need to interact with and talk to。， If you look at it from that standpoint， yeah。

 you have work。， Sometimes that part of that work and that management of contacts。

 and what have you is not fun work。， The same thing happens in your job。 A lot of it sucks。。

 Most jobs have those things out of routine。， But if you know that， you accept that。

 and you know that there's also these awesome rewards， and you kind of job。

 you also get these awesome rewards or any kind of system。

 that manages your dating relationship management system。。

 If you put in the time you put in the work， you'll need to create fruits of labor。。

 So think about that。 Respect the relationship management process。。

 Respect relationships that you have and treat it where you view everyone， as having valuable time。。

 And if you do that， I think it's going to allow you to stick to the point， of what's going on here。

 which is， you know， a relationship， is something that revolves around you having these mutual responsibilities。

， mutual roles， and also having fun together， but not intruding on the fact。

 that everyone has their own social circle already established。， You're not like kids anymore。

 where your only soul circle is the class， that you're forced upon an elementary score。

 something like that。， Also， realize that when you're in new relationships，。

 or you're growing relationships， or you have a large amount of relationships， in your social circle。

 that there's a lot of people that may be really cognizant， of how they're portrayed to other people。

 so much so that they're afraid， of saying the wrong thing。。

 And there was a book about radical honesty where people who were saying。

 exactly what's on their mind were conveying that they overall had more success。

 in getting the results that they wanted from their relationships，。

 because people could trust that who they were was exactly what they were conveying，。

 what they were saying。 On the other hand， another school thought。

 from the people who teach the crucial accountability programs，。

 which is to thought that people will come from two kinds of thought processes。。

 One is how much comfort they have with you， and the other is how much violence。

 you have in your communication process， in terms of are your values going to clash。

 and are you going to say things that are somewhat offensive without considering the fact。

 that other people have different opinions。， And that also is a huge problem when you're doing， say。

 relationship management in business。， On the other hand。

 people who are bosses and CEOs are often the kind of people。

 that have various types of personalities， and can target various types of violence。

 levels in terms of communication。 So on the other hand， I view that it's more powerful。

 to rely on the radical honesty kind of side of things than to rely on the side。

 of kind of shutting up and hiding and not really showing your true side of who you really are。。

 Because if you go to that side of who you are， you're more likely to end up in a realm。

 where you're overlooked， you're unknown， and you just have a lot less trust。。

 You might have more comfort， but they might not even care to actually follow up with you。。

 You might have people that are totally cool to say now that you're kind of like invisible。。

 To calibrate your speech， calibrate your conversation to the people that you're interacting with。

 and practice this。 Find the ways where the people that are in your relationships，。

 the people that you care about the most， have that mutual mission where you're looking。

 to accomplish a certain thing with the other person。 Your goals have to align。。

 Most of your friends， you know， their goals will be maybe just have fun。。

 Other people will be friends with you because they're hoping that they're going to learn from you。

 or maybe hoping that they could just play a common interest like a sport with you。。

 So I think that in most people's friends though， people will， or even in relationships，。

 hooking people in emotionally or getting them interested in a certain aspect of who you are。

 is going to be more valuable than trying to seek independent goals。。

 So try to find where it is where your goal is an interest coincide and match them all the time。

 whenever you're looking for any kind of business relationships assess。

。