# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第5周-RSD Julien（心态成功）_Week 5 - RSD Julien (Mindset Success)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

Hey guys， I'm here with RSD Julian at the Los Angeles Los Hollywood Hotel。

 and today we have him just finishing his tour back in Los Angeles。

I have to find out what are some of the things that you really saw on the road。

 It kind of inspired you that my inspire are RSD members here，I mean， yeah。

 I'd say the biggest thing I got out of traveling is just learning how to be grounded， You know。

 there's something I hear a lot like how do I be grounded。

 How do I not let the environment affect me when I'm out I'm talking to a girl。

 or just in general it's like how can I keep my cool you know。

 it's literally any scenario like with a girl high pressure environments。

 business meeting you meet someone like you really want the fucking deal。

 you meet someone you want you know to be your mentor。

 how do you can you know keep your cool travel helped a big time。

 because you're just literally in all these different environments like。

 you know for me and I know you've done that in the past two。

 where every single day we're in like a new country， you have no bearings。

 you know and like you have to remain like grounded like internally let's just say。

 and you can't depend on anything external so I'd say for me that was the。

 the biggest thing I got out of it just being able to stay cool no matter what。

 the environment when you are traveling to New City where are the things you do。

 work a lot yeah I mean I'll try to go visits at least in every city like。

 one of the landmarks to shoot a video but the true like behind the scenes is。

 most of it is just me on a plane on a train in a car in a taxi or in a。

 hotel just my computer is working working working working since a lot of work。

 yeah okay and then I guess because you have you know do you have an。

 entourage with you or are you so you have a entourage yeah usually have。

 assistance friend who helps with marketing and another guy who works with。

 the cameras in videography yeah and how is how your schedule like your work。

 life balance now it's more normal now I'm slowing it down but during that。

 time it was pretty much a hundred percent work I'd say like I the way I。

 kind of do it is short sprints where you kind of go all out in different areas。

 so when I started touring for example one thing I put on the side was health。

 like I was like yeah health for a while just don't have time so I'm gonna go。

 all out in business I'm gonna go all out in dating I'm gonna go all out in。

 travel so I just decided like all out in that health a little bit less。

 difference a personal relationships a little bit less downtime gone for you。

 know a few years and now actually just as a recently finally back in shape so。

 kind of bringing back to the forefront so it's like kind of balancing all of。

 them yeah I saw your video with Brandon Carter yeah yeah yeah what was the。

 secret the secrets of that yeah I did on the Brandon I did on with Mario as。

 well who actually kind of coach me through it biggest secret and it's it's。

 it's actually it's like success with women we tend to always think like oh it's。

 these magical things it's actually like these foundational things you just do。

 for a long period of time so it's like going to the gym obviously being。

 aware of the calories and calories out that was actually the biggest one like I。

 was thought the secrets losing weight is you got to eat extremely healthy。

 eat paleo you know vegetarian vegan whatever it is but in reality it's like。

 how much are you eating because you could eat like paleo with like tons and。

 then you're still getting fat and even looking back at sometimes on the。

 tour like oh I'm gonna eat really really healthy for like a few months not。

 losing anything because I'm just eating tons like even if you go to Sage。

 of Pole and you get you know say double meats so and then you get like。

 guacamole there's like already 900 to a thousand calories you know like half。

 my daily intake at least so I'm like whoa you know you'll it'll sneak up on。

 you that way you get like an almond drink at Whole Foods there's a thousand。

 calories there's like your entire day one little almond milk drink health。

 drink and a Chipotle meal your whole day so I do like say three times a day。

 you get fat fortunately there's a lot of Paltes we're traveling to go from。

 around the world to what's your game plan now in terms of your business plans。

 and also your plans for your daily life yeah well right now in a relationship。

 like three and a half your relationship that I just moved in with still going。

 out though teaching dating advice and doing this but no my plan now is actually。

 to grow my new YouTube channel to join himself and kind of expand in the。

 dating but also beyond dating so I want to create you know different like。

 is you learn so much just by building say again building a brand traveling。

 so on and so forth that there's so much content that I haven't put out。

 that I want to put out like just in terms like travel just in terms of。

 building a YouTube business just in terms of literally all the other life。

 lessons I learned so I kind of want to create more content in that direction。

 let you say okay so yeah right now it's kind of structuring that out trying to。

 come up the good two three year plan with different products difference free。

 products structure so on as email is so on and so forth yeah I just thought。

 you release 10 games tell me about what inspired you for that product man I。

 could go deep on that for me 10 game so I'd pimped in shift okay pimple is the。

 first one which is really like how to game a girl it's like you go up you say。

 this you do this so on and so forth then I created shift which is how to learn。

 game which is how to learn pimped so it's like go out X amount of time this is。

 how you break down your nights motivation etc etc and I was not like that was。

 enough it's like you have game you have had a learn game but there's always。

 something that was missing and it's what comes before all of that's and。

 that's like the the stuff you can only emotionally recognize while out so。

 for example you know you may hear like say you know you're watching this。

 you're like okay go out and offer value it's like well what is offering value。

 you know it's like you can give the logical explanations you can you know。

 even illustrate like here's a couple actions of offering value but it's。

 really like a vibe it's something you can't fully put into words so I wanted。

 a product that kind of comes it's comes before pimped and shift that really。

 you know tunes your focus on what game is like that emotional layer like the。

 subcommunications so on and so forth really breaks down all the little。

 subtleties and nuances because even that like offer value guys are like well。

 you can't ask questions there and if I ask a question I'm taking value not。

 necessarily it's the place that questions coming from so you can be like how's。

 it going taking or how's it going giving in the vibe so just that you can't。

 logic explain you have to demonstrate it so that was 10 games it was like。

 tons of infield footage like that recorded throughout the years illustrating。

 all those little nuances me breaking it down me giving you a new curriculum。

 in terms of content that's flexible enough for you to bring your。

 personality out so you're not stifled by so much content and interactive。

 exercises as well as missions so the whole point is here's the content。

 structure where again you can bring your personality to it it's not。

 overwhelming you know it's a focus on while out here's the infield footage。

 with every little nuance here's the exercises you can do at home so you're。

 sitting at home experiencing it and here's 10 missions which is basically。

 was inspired after my workout getting back in the shape where it's like 10。

 weeks where here's your curriculum for the week go out these days do this。

 this this accomplish this to this and like posted in Facebook group told。

 yourself accountable so you then experience it while out but yeah that's。

 the the reviews I mean the the feedback has just been amazing this is the。

 literally the only product was kind of weird where every product is kind of。

 polarizing this is the only one I've not seen a single bad review or do you。

 think bad ever said about it even by like comical haters which is like yeah。

 and you have a tribe in like a Facebook group yeah and how is that。

 interacting with you directly yeah so you're part of this private。

 Facebook group I read that group every single day and the cool thing about。

 it is one you'll see guys just like you going through the same program so you。

 don't feel as alone or like isolated like that was something when I first。

 started out just in terms of being motivated whenever you feel like you're on。

 your own if you fall in like a victim and thought it's like oh it's so hard for。

 me now you see this whole other group of people who have like say similar。

 problems like barreling through and you're like oh they can do it I can do it。

 they can also you can share insights you can share feedback so you have like。

 tons of guys posting you like hey you can do this like motivating you giving。

 feedback I'm posting in there too you know that a lot of guys are reading it。

 you know that I'm reading it so in terms of accountability I tell this to。

 everyone it's like if you have a goal posted in there like hey tomorrow I'm。

 gonna do this so now you're accountable so you know that if you don't do it。

 everyone will know because if it's just you the knows like you tell yourself I'm。

 gonna do this you know and there's no repercussions such as a it's easy to。

 be like no one will know if I don't do it but now it's like you have this whole。

 group that'll know and the whole culture is based on taking action and there。

 are like specific rules where if there's any negativity victim mentality so。

 one and so forth that post will be deleted it's like no this is like only。

 taking action only positive so it's like for me it's inspiring I get just as。

 much out of it probably is everyone else yes in terms of。

 deleting a post how often does it happen very rarely actually yeah I put I。

 put a few got like once the it started off very positive then there's like a。

 few kind of like victim mentality posts but a lot of those posts like there's。

 just nothing productive that can come from it the motivation behind the。

 posters like to try to find people to validate it's like oh yeah I feel sorry。

 to myself too so I didn't delete those at first but once it started growing。

 I just made an announcement like okay any post like this will be deleted and。

 then it was maybe one or two I had to delete and then everyone else just stopped。

 and those same people who used to post those like negative posts are now。

 killing it focusing on all the positive because they were again they didn't。

 have a choice at that point in terms of the yourself help Julian himself inspired。

 that the media scandal actually yeah big one is like going through the media。

 scandal and well one I learned so much just about myself and life going。

 through that and then it kind of made me realize like whoa I also want to。

 share this so I had the dating platform so I was like I need another platform。

 because I don't want to mix the two like now I have the self-help one and I。

 can just go strong on like both because I'm still learning tons in terms of。

 dating even relationships but also tons in terms of life a big one is just。

 like spirituality and happiness too like that kind of touches on that so that。

 that's yeah what inspired it so for the mass media that you had to go through。

 and all that massive amounts of attacks and the breviage and what have you how。

 did that change you how did it either like inspiring or change as a person。

 geez I could talk about that for hours I'd say， dissolvement of the ego I'd say that yeah there was there's actually well。

 Ryan Holiday's new book he goes the enemy I was reading that a couple days。

 ago and he talks about how your ego will like sabotage you on your way up。

 once you succeed and on your way down and literally every single point I。

 could identify with it where you know when you when you get into this it's like。

 hey teach dating advice help people to do that be of service and then you。

 start getting like all this validation thrown at you and it's very hard to。

 remain grounded within that and not to kind of get carried away not to be。

 like yes and then start changing that motivation instead of being of service to。

 being of taking more and more validation so what I realized after the fact is。

 I was so less than it before is that I was gone in terms of like ego pushing。

 things for the validation pushing like the shock marketing for more and。

 more comments and it was just coming from a very different place so when all。

 that just broke like literally like gone it kind of made me realize like oh wow。

 like what where was I what was I doing you kind of it's like a snapback to。

 reality and getting back in touch with like core values yeah so what are your。

 core values right now right now for me the the thing I've been working on。

 actually well core values is being of service like that's number one is like。

 giving giving giving like remind yourself why you're doing everything the。

 two traps I fell into is you start off because you want to help and then you。

 do it so much that you are no longer doing it because you want to help。

 you're doing it just because it's going through the motions so it kind of。

 loses that soul the same with success of the wind you know some guy will go。

 out talk to a girl and the first interaction is all exciting it's like oh here。

 we are like sharing my personality and then after a while you talk to so many。

 girls it's like going through the motions so you kind of lose it so it's like。

 reminding myself no it's like keep it real keep this whole keep being of。

 service and yeah no matter what it's like not getting hooked on the。

 validation not getting hooked on anything you can take and really coming from。

 place of your complete your full your enough so that that would be like my。

 number one being of service expanding and the big more spiritual practice I。

 got out of it is like how to be happy and not just the emotion of happy because。

 that's usually just escaped from pain but what is true happiness and it's。

 like just letting go of all like these you know this attachment they。

 exit these this need of approval so on and so forth yeah well you're。

 traveling so much how are you able to maintain a long distance relationship that。

 was tough that was tough I'm I'm actually a very beautiful girl and you're。

 pretty cool guys just that don't tour so long like yeah not just on tour but。

 like teaching actively doing this here like dating advice I mean obviously。

 depends like on the girl for what I always say it's like there's very the。

 views of like dating advice or picking up women is always like very negative。

 it's like oh it's just about sleeping with them you know those guys can't get。

 relationships so on and so forth but in reality it's the opposite it's you。

 have one way more options than anyone in terms of relationships which allows。

 you to also figure out what girl you're meant to be with and actually have a。

 choice versus just settling for whatever so for me through talking and。

 interacting with so many women through experiencing so many so many women I。

 knew exactly what type of woman I wanted and I also knew what type of woman。

 would it like it'd be part of her values this may be okay for her to have me。

 travel and do all this and because I've talked to so many I found like that。

 one so it's not like every girl's gonna be like oh sure go on and travel the。

 world teaching guys I pick up girls and let's be in a committed relationship。

 you have to find that specific one and that one where it's even worth it on。

 your end to to like because it's hard like when you're so lost in work like。

 do you really want to do like a call and talk to her you really want to fly back。

 see her X amount of time so it's like finding that one and then yeah I mean。

 a lot of it's like keeping in touch like with technology now it's like not。

 that hard and then just strong trust yeah and and also the last thing I'll。

 say is um managing expectations from the start so not leading her on so from。

 the start I'm like this is what I do and immediately I took her out actually。

 on a bootcamp so she saw what I did because again it's like who picking up。

 girls and then she sees oh you're helping these guys want to so like again we。

 tend to think anyone who gets in a pickup it's like dirty players been。

 reality it's like the sweetest guys ever who are just shy like normal people。

 and she's like well this is actually really cool and everyone there is like。

 working on bettering themselves it's not all about like just getting laid so。

 she saw immediately what it is from a real perspective that I did and then I。

 showed her for example all my infield footage she saw the videos I'd actually。

 show her all the videos so it's very clear like this is me you actually showed。

 her all your infield videos yeah yeah so she saw the infield she came to a hot。

 seat she didn't mind because it well a lot of it too was like at the time。

 was like prior to meeting her but then I also told her after that like I'm。

 going to be courting infield like similar footage for years to come and I。

 can tell you're from the start but then there's also there's always a way of。

 framing it so it's like you still have to make a win win so for example you。

 know I could tell I'm gonna go do this and go with all these girls and it's like。

 not very win-win or you could say I'm gonna do all this infield footage but。

 if you really think about it it's not because I want to it's not you know。

 because there's always beautiful girls it's for work and it wouldn't。

 necessarily really be cheating you know it's like if if I'm an actor and I。

 have a kissing scene in a movie is a cheating that's infield footage like。

 have to go do the kissing scene in a movie so on and so forth so there's。

 different ways of framing it but just letting her know what she's what she's。

 getting into and then finding that one who's okay with that too I noticed on。

 your Julian himself channel you've been interviewing spiritual are you。

 the spiritual least yourself yeah actually I never thought I would be like if。

 you talked to me two years ago like actually before that scandal it was like。

 those opposite spiritual ever but now no I'm actually really into that yeah。

 ever since different practices that I did actually use what really got me。

 through that whole like time period where everything like the whole like with。

 the media scandal like that whole external world like validation attachment。

 to approval so on and so forth like turned against me so the only way is。

 like actually kind of learning how to feel happy on your own and different。

 practices help me with that and since then I'm actually kind of doing my own。

 practice daily and that just transformed my life so I'm really into that also。

 got into yoga this past year going actually this weekend to this yoga festival。

 as well so I'm definitely definitely in there yeah well not you gone to this。

 whole process of scandal and now this new team what would you do。

 differently if there was another kind of media mainstream media scandal there's。

 another one if there were another one the first thing I would do is immediately。

 look at if there was like any signs of ego or any signs of like where I'm。

 doing something wrong because I do believe that it's again you really create。

 these situations so it's like I was so far gone in like the validation so on。

 so forth that the the world or universe maybe want to call it like had to。

 snap me out of it so if it does happen again it probably be because of。

 something similar so I'd be like oh did how did I did my loss in the。

 validation again I'd really quickly bring my attention to it and secondly I。

 would immediately publicly address it you know instead of just letting it you。

 know just like not saying a word like you know kind of who he is like because we。

 don't know how to deal with it it's like happen I'm like this is not what I。

 teach that I want to do but there was just so much happening so fast I was just。

 kind of like overwhelmed and nothing here like off the bat public statements。

 just making it very clear like this is not true this is not true this is not。

 true letting it snowball effect up yeah those would be the two big ones it's。

 like quickly evaluate well where did this happen and to make it clear this is。

 not who I am or what I'm about what distribution channel would you use would。

 you use a system like YouTube or would you use something like a press conference。

 press conference yeah make it official press conference and would you have。

 everyone come to like one place like we're in a conference room like at a。

 hotel like we are now yeah yeah probably literally invite everyone this time。

 just like won't really sustainment answer some questions just like make it。

 very clear like nip it in the blood yeah because that's what happened with the。

 other ones like people quote each other they quote each other things could。

 take out a context there was like that fake Twitter that came about people。

 quoting I'm just like if we just yeah just nipped it in the blood I mean。

 lesson learned now but if it would just from the start this not me this a fake。

 Twitter so on and so forth they probably would have died down a lot faster。

 yeah I know that because Jeff and the Max and all these people have had to。

 deal with that too do you think they should have done that also yeah yeah I。

 think everyone should as soon as there's like any media thing just like press。

 conference from the back and actually just invite everyone now a lot of that。

 conversation would renew a lot of the old conversations in the past are you。

 ready for that yeah I mean for now it's like I feel like I process a good 80。

 to 90% so it's probably still 10 20% or like like still a little trauma over it。

 but no I would definitely be yeah I think that maybe like a year or two or。

 what have you we might have to do something like that because right now。

 there still hasn't yet been a widespread message there's been CNN where you。

 able to clarify what was going on at the same time I don't think that we've。

 done that for all these other countries that don't want CNN you know I mean。

 there's very few countries that don't want CNN but CNN is just like one。

 channel it's like watching the news on ABC or some random channel yeah and I。

 feel like the whole thing that I have with Jeff is because the myths and rumors。

 have completely been dispelt now you've done things with Ryan Hall day what did。

 he advise you and talk to you about oh that was interesting yeah that was。

 actually his book trust me I'm lying is what's there were like two big ones。

 a few big ones but like two big ones that helped me through it were his book。

 trust me I'm lying and then Eric Dezenhall the glass job book that one's more。

 in terms like reputation like how to deal with it the Ryan holiday kind of。

 exposed the whole how everything works because I remember going through I'm。

 like how is this happening like feeling really like angry frustrated like how。

 is everything get taken so far out of context like how did it reach this。

 points and then his book kind of breaks down how the media actually works and。

 it was like oh it's it's still sucks but it now it made sense where you can。

 like pass something up the the chain so it's like you can give some quote to a。

 small blog on anything and send that quote to a bigger blog without them。

 checking the facts they'll just quote it send it to a bigger one bigger one。

 bigger one all the way to literally CNN so even me actually in my interview。

 with CNN if I just blurred it out randomly I run a you know I don't know。

 like a beef pie company totally right now I can say oh yeah you know my beef pie。

 company and did it it's not what I teach I could have said that use that。

 quote posted in Wikipedia because it is sourced in CNN send the Wikipedia。

 of me saying Julian owns his own meat pie company did it it it so like。

 details about it send that to a smaller blog it sees on Wikipedia sees it。

 sourced from CNN writes about it because it's credible passes up to another。

 blog another blog and I could literally spread it around the internet that I。

 own this huge like you know meat pie company I see on CNN as if that's like。

 the credible source exactly so you can like just so understanding how that。

 works understanding to how you know the the audience we think it's us but in。

 reality it's the advertisers so it's like whatever gets the clicks and also。

 not necessarily taking it personally because the other thing too is like you。

 realize just how vicious a lot of those you know journalists or writers are。

 and you're like whoa like how could someone do this when reality it's like they。

 don't really care they're just thing what'll get the clicks what'll get the。

 clicks and then just you know from there it's like there's nothing really you。

 can do like you know apart from like that press conference off the bat the。

 situation I was in there was like a no win and I talked about this with Ryan。

 too because there's all these accusations got taken out of you know out of。

 context out of proportion weren't even true but if I don't say anything it's。

 like admitting guilt so it's like always not saying anything so it's true and。

 if I do say something and that's the other interesting part of how the media。

 works say I do respond like they're not true like say on CNN because I respond。

 it kind of validates them to and now it makes it official for another you know。

 for other people to quote it because I responded I part took it and it's。

 let's just say so it's like you're in a pot no matter what you do you're。

 screwed so it's nothing you really can do apart from the press conference and。

 then yeah it just kind of makes you think like you see the behind the scenes of。

 how things work so anything right now that I see be it in on bus feed be it on。

 even CNN or Fox because you think oh those are legit they're all tabloid。

 everything's you know it's like all for views and the other thing I learned。

 to is everything is one not what it seems but everything is there's like back。

 there's all the deals behind the scenes let's just say you know like different。

 PR angles where you think okay this person's you know on that other team in。

 reality they're on this person's tea it's it's interesting yeah Tucker Maxx。

 was telling me he didn't think that we had enough power back in 2014 he believes。

 that things have changed in 2016 he believes that the social media following。

 that we had was not strong 2014 but it's now more integrated and more。

 powerful in 2016 so that potentially our platform is could be more powerful。

 this may actually be and eventually there's all died because everyone will be。

 relationships with each other how I don't know if you feel the same or I think so。

 but in the end it's like I really think that the only thing I'll stop it if it。

 happens again would be that press conference because that's what we thought。

 to it's like all those videos for example if someone just sat down to look。

 for example at the original video or look at any other video that we put。

 out they'd see very fast what we teach but no one has the time so it's like。

 like even me being realistic like if I saw the article about me I would never。

 look into it and I'd probably hate me because that's the information。

 that's given it's like you read it you're like oh my god you mean I mean。

 that's it it's like no one's gonna go in depth and do their research and the。

 same happens with all the other blocks so everyone's just writing about this。

 surface thing no one goes in depth so no one would actually even look into。

 who we are no one would really look into our content our videos they would。

 just like this it's all surface layer surface layer and yeah I mean I've。

 had hate comments on like the nicest videos too it's like one video I'm just。

 like the whole point is like offer value and be like a just really positive。

 person and it's like die what are like it's like it's like people just。

 jumping on it's like how can you even hate this video they didn't even watch it。

 just service they just added a comment you know like your hair sucks or some。

 shit no yeah it's like a lot of like yeah death threat comments and that's。

 another interesting one it's like you you see like the people who actually do。

 this so it's like one that shocked me it's like there's just one person who's。

 commenting on all these Instagram pictures like I hope you die hope you fall。

 like fall off a cliff did it that was not full necessarily death threats but it's。

 like very strong hate and I'm like who is this and I clicked on it and it's like。

 a 12 year old girl all innocent looking with her dad like I love my dad。

 unicorns the picture I drew and she's like fucking die I was like Jesus yeah。

 and it's interesting to how it that surface level it's like at the time。

 everything will explode but even now with the join himself channel a lot of my。

 following are actually men and women who hated me at the time it's like that。

 same demographic now that I'm touching on same more spiritual things health。

 nish it's like everyone's like oh I love you and then they kind of。

 realize like wait a minute that was that guy and other everyone's cool。

 about it but it's interesting how that that works yeah have you actually had。

 a conversation with anybody that came from the hate that found you because of。

 the hate and then they kind of turned over yeah they all say never in person。

 like no one ever recognized me in person but online like I'll get like that's。

 another one too it's like the link I'll send now it's like I'll get。

 sometimes like wait a minute you're that guy blah blah blah like kind of。

 freak out and then I'll send them linking to Ryan Holiday again an interview。

 I did with him and the observer so it's like we're actually share the actual。

 facts I've written down someone can read so I'm like no here's the story and。

 they're like wait a minute that's whoa and the thing I was get is like well why。

 didn't you sue everyone but not realizing there's nothing you can really do。

 at that point there's no one really just you know sue it costs 20 to 30。

 thousand dollars prayer publication to sue and in terms of the money you can。

 win back it's less than five hundred dollars especially in the United Kingdom。

 so here's a huge discrepancy in terms of time you just spend money。

 at the spend and what you expect to get back and then of course you could。

 reference that but I was wondering if you were ever going to create a response。

 maybe like your own homepage as well to so reference something that we could。

 just quickly point hey I've been to check that jillion blank dot com so。

 people just google your official website maybe they could actually see the。

 listing a Ryan Houghton we we're advised in the past from a guy named。

 Jonathan Bernstein about how we could create reputation management and he。

 was saying that he wants some kind of a miss and facts page referencing。

 missing facts kind of just gave us a overall generic summary but we put。

 things their own words and videos put on their own sites then they could see。

 both the positive and the negative you know miss and fact is spelling that。

 and also the lessons you can learn from being a participatory I think that。

 would be actually quoted in the media because my my guess is that one。

 the first thing to do is a google your name and if you have your site up I。

 think that's the first site that will appear your official home personal。

 site that you actually update so I think that might be one way we could。

 actually modify and change things around that be good yeah I think we should。

 do that in the Wikipedia page as well that's on my list the Wikipedia would。

 be good one also I guess yeah if you are updating that with Ryan Halliday。

 and other things exactly I quote the Ryan holiday and at this point too it's。

 like back then we'd add stuff but everyone would like mass like downvoted or。

 get rid of it at this point no one really cares so you can actually put the。

 real facts on there yeah me not being a very spiritual person I'd love to。

 hear what spiritual lessons have gotten you to the place where you actually。

 came from person who also was a non-believer yeah to somebody who is who you are。

 now and how those lessons have affected pretty much everything you're doing。

 in terms of 10 game etc yeah I mean for me the the biggest one of this is。

 actually the foundation of 10 game is realizing that you the the journey of like。

 you know either self-actualization or the journey let's just say success。

 with women of becoming a cool guy isn't you going from down here to up here。

 it's you realizing you're already up here and then getting rid of everything。

 that's in the way so back in the day for example say with negs the whole。

 idea was here's you know here's the girl here's you and you're gonna use。

 things like negs to bring the girl down here at the same level that was old。

 school from there we went to know here's the girl and what do you do you get。

 up here to get the girl but it's still based on assumption that you're。

 starting off down here when in reality the journey is there is no you know。

 growing into something there's only you realizing you're already up here。

 but you're telling yourself you're down here and that first assumption is the。

 base of like every sticking point the base of all the misery that's that's。

 in the game and it's actually very similar to again any spiritual teaching。

 it's you know we're complete we're enough if you want to get really out。

 there it's like we're all connected we're all part of the one of being is so。

 on and so forth but we're telling ourselves we're not we're telling。

 ourselves I'm you know an individual I'm this being you know you develop your。

 ego and then from there you feel a sense of lack and you go out in the real。

 world trying to get money trying to get someone to so forth to fill that void。

 that artificial lack in a way so the same with girls it's like you're。

 already enough you're telling yourself you're not and then you're trying to。

 go out get references to be cool you're trying to put on this front so the。

 girl doesn't see that you're down here that's why you even need the girl you。

 need the good reactions and this is why guys go out they have approach。

 anxiety because the anxiety is depending on does she validate this front yes。

 or no and there's something to take either she validates it or she does。

 ends and there's a lot of stress this is why even when they they run out of。

 things to say the reason being is well I'm down here but I'm trying to be up。

 here is this something that this front would say and now you feel boxed in。

 this is why they also need the girls validation like does she validate the。

 front yes or no are people around me can they see past the front it's like all。

 this stress and it's all based on you're starting off down here and there's。

 no way out of it because even if you do get the girl it's somehow。

 reinforcing this initial wrong assumption so the the big idea with 10th。

 game is like you're already up here every guy has like that attractive。

 personality where they can you know talk joke around so on and so forth。

 except you know they can't necessarily do with the hot girl but they can。

 probably do it with a girl who they don't necessarily find that attractive。

 or their close friends or family and if not you know it's joke like the guy。

 is extremely introverted even walking around say here if he's playing a。

 video game with a headset he can probably talk you know it's like the loud。

 mouths there maybe in real life extremely stifled but they have that。

 personality so it's not that there's anything missing it's just that you're。

 telling yourself you don't and once you realize that you do game is still。

 about taking massive action getting references but every reference you get。

 is meant to get rid of what's blocking you from bringing that out with a。

 hot girl and it's so it's like starting from this assumption here another。

 one is you know the whole you hear fake it till you make it and this is big。

 and basically you know say you take someone who's quiet and you're like you。

 gotta talk loud that may seem like faking it till you make it but if you。

 really think about it if that person didn't have anything in that person's。

 way if that person was at home they would probably speak a lot louder so in。

 reality them not speaking loud is faking it but they've been faking it for so。

 long they don't even remember what's not faking it feels like so the being。

 reat like loud is how they would act you know if everything was what if they。

 weren't stifled let's just say so it's those it's basically like all built on。

 that you know it's like there's nowhere to be any assumption that's based。

 on your down here get rid of it how would you act if you're already up there。

 and then this kind of brings in all these different new perspectives to。

 game where you know a big one I get as well if I'm already up here if I'm。

 already complete why do I even need the girl why would I even talk to the。

 girl and then it's re-examining the place motivation is coming from you。

 know you can come from lack like you need the girl to complete you and work。

 in addition on that it's like there's the carrot and the stick but not。

 understanding that you can also be motivated not just by scarcity but also。

 buy abundance you know if someone let's just say you're working for money if。

 someone gave you all the money in the world you wouldn't just sit down and do。

 nothing you would still do something probably different than you're doing but。

 the the the inspiration behind it would be very different it would be I'm doing。

 it to get money it's already have the money what do I want to do I'm going to。

 do this well I need the girl is already have I'm already complete I don't need。

 her to complete me but I'm still inspired to talk to her so understanding that's。

 type of motivation and then really like getting out of your own way in terms。

 of you know it being hooked on approval fearing disapproval fearing rejection。

 trying to do everything perfect in terms of game letting all the concepts。

 stifle you not being able to bring yourself on the line because you think。

 the you is not good enough so you're trying to pretend to be someone else。

 there's all these implications so that's that's like the foundation of。

 10 game yeah and really the the other big one too and this is what I learned。

 in terms of spirituality is the the difference paradigms where I call it。

 having doing being where most guys are identified with having where they value。

 what they have that's what gives them value it's like how much money I have。

 how good looking I am the status I have the the access to cool things I have。

 that's what makes me cool that's 90% of guys you get into game then you go。

 from having to doing where it's no longer what you have it's what you do it's。

 oh I the value is the fact that I take action the fact that I hustle the fact。

 that I go up and approach the girl the fact that I do this move so on and so。

 forth and you know this is a guy just can't slow down while out like if he if。

 he stops talking he'll feel like the girls gonna leave because he's like。

 what the doing is the value and then you kind of graduate from that to the。

 being but it's not even the doing it's it's just who you are it's like that。

 being there of course you self-detect action becoming from a different place。

 it's not the action that gets the girls the being behind it I love that。

 that's a great concept thanks yeah so that was that was a lot of like 10 game。

 and like really flesh this out to make it click when it comes to success。

 with women and then illustrating all these ideas and how to go about it with。

 all the infield footage and the exercises you can kind of unlock that even at。

 home very cool all right well thanks a lot Joanne this has been great thank。

 you。