# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：02.创造成功之路_02. Creating a Success Path​​--十大赠品微信156066050

Mapping out and creating a success path for you is not that hard。， In fact。

 a lot of people will spend a lot of time studying in business school。

 because I went to business school and in the master's business administration。

 how to create a roadmap to assess for business。， And they'll do that for their personal life as well。

， And I think it's important。， I mean Tony Roberts talk all the time about riding down your goals and your map。

 but how to get to that success。， At the same time， when we created Real Social Dynamic，。

 it was really just a drive from where I was living in Wisconsin。

 or two where I was living in Wisconsin， from where Owen was living in Ottawa， Canada。。

 We took a car and we drove from where he was living to where I was living。

 and during that time we just talked the entire time。

 and came up with a roadmap of how we wanted to create Real Social Dynamics。。

 We're going to create live programs，， we're going to teach people how to pick up girls，。

 we're going to travel from city to city，， we're going to do a marketing campaign，。

 we're going to contact people from random discussion boards，。

 get them on the phone and put them on the phone with him。

 and then invite them out to dinner and sell them on the program。， And we did that。。

 And then we moved from there after we had a client base，， we grew and this was a plan to be created。

 just in one simple car trip back in 2002， and it turned into this global company。。

 Some people I've heard even wrote a business plan on an Appkin。。

 It's not that hard to create that plan， as long as that vision is very clear in your mind。

 and you don't stop thinking about it， and you have that strong focus of singularity。。

 You just need to make sure that's with you all the time。

 and that you're mapping it out and following it。， For a lot of people。

 it is necessary for them to write out the plan。， And actually later on in my career，。

 like five years later I started writing out business plans， exactly how to do things。。

 I used to write out outlines，， I used to write executive summaries。。

 I think that all you need to do is just write down notes。

 or have in your head the roadmap of what you want to do， whether it's for a public speech，。

 whether it's for a game plan to meet up with the girl， but have a strategy。。

 I know that for social interactions，， like to meet certain people or to strategize。

 and how to accomplish like a certain thing， or have to get one of my buddies to go out with a particular girl。

， I've come up with strategies where I've mapped out， like a strategic game plan with my friends。。

 Do you create a talk to this person？， Do you have to first thing get this person to do that？。

 And I've done that for business。， I've done it for trying to get contracts。

 with like large business vendors where they've said，， oh， you need to get a sales team。

 and you need to get them trained in Vegas。， And I need to come up with a game plan to do that。。

 So I map out a strategy and how to present it， and get certain people involved。。

 You need to do that in all aspects of your life， so that you could be on top of the game。。

 You don't need to write down。， It's not a big deal，。

 but it's always have a game plan on how to move forward。

 and don't just want to live without meaning，， without purpose。， Try to figure out what that is。

 and then push forward with it。， But share your plan with others。， I know that what I used to do，。

 even with my wife，， is I used to have literally a hundred different。

 personal line items of things I viewed， that was important for my success in life。。

 I did less for business， actually。， I think I had about 20 or 30 of them。

 and I'd go over them with Owen on a monthly basis。， Both my wife， I was doing it on a weekly basis。。

 Everything from how many times， I'm gonna work out in gym，。

 how many hours a week I was gonna play video games。， The maximum amount of hours。

 I was gonna spend watching TV， and I'd find out what her goals were， and we would track this。

 and see if we'd accomplish that goal， from her previous week。， Now I did this for a few years。。

 I'm not doing that anymore。， But I did find by sharing those now，。

 I know what my goals are very clearly。， I know what her goals are very clearly。。

 And I think that really helps， with a relationship and I also think。

 it helps in your business life as well。， I also find that there's always gonna be。

 situations where you have， conflicts with your personal relationships， or with your business。。

 When those things happen，， it sometimes is good to have a close friend， or in a business，。

 have someone who's gonna be like a moderator， to be in there and share both such a stories。

 and align your vision。， It's more important that everyone， kinda has that queer vision。。

 But when those visions conflict， in your part of a soul circle，， or part of a family，。

 or part of a friendship circle，， or a business circle，。

 you have to get everyone to share what that is。， But then figure out those points and ways。

 where those things may work together。， For a family，， I have situations where yeah， my brother。

 only wanna go to restaurants that are on Yelp， that have really high reviews。。

 Now I only wanna go to particular places， that I've field tested and often make compromises。。

 And the same thing will happen in your dating life， where you're with a girl and she might be like，。

 oh， I wanna go with my friends here， and you're like， oh， follow me， I just wanna like。

 pull you to this after party or something like that。， But I remember I was with Owen。

 and we were having dinner in South Africa， with the president of South Africa。， Something to clerk，。

 I can't remember his name，， it was JW to clerk or something like that。。

 And we were hanging out at this hotel， and I asked him，， because he did the most amazing thing。。

 There was a apartheid，， which is where all the whites were against the blacks。。

 And they were so much so that they wouldn't have jobs，。

 they'd treat them like slaves and there's high prejudice。， I said， how'd you end a apartheid？。

 How are you able to get all these people， in this entire country to end a apartheid？。

 And not only do that，， but to have a black president take over with you afterwards。

 and create this total like peaceful movement。， And he said， well， in business and your social life。

 and anything，， the most important thing is to make all the key players。

 and the most important people that are shrouded by， to get them to the same page。

 mission and vision as you。， And that is what allowed RSD to be what it is now。

 by having a guy like Owen， to guide out leadership and guide that vision。。

 And it's also the same thing， that's gonna help you in your soul circle。

 and your social life when you have those problems。， Just make sure you think about that。。

 Empathize with better people around you， and it optimize that situation。， But also，。

 pretty situation where you're always on the ball。， Whether it's in your working your social circle。

 or it's working your business life，， have that strong hard work ethic。。

 Know that nothing comes to you，， nothing comes easily and push forward。。

 You'll be surprised how far you can push yourself。， I've always had this as a habit though。， I mean。

 I grew up in a hardcore academic Asian family， where if I was behind on my score。

 and I wasn't getting like a lot of A's，， my parents would literally stay up，。

 we just my dad all night long，， standing with me。。

 Back when we went to boarding school in Princeton，， my dad would fly from California to New Jersey。

 and study with me after a six hour flight all night long， just to make sure I was on top of things。。

 And I took that spirit，， even when I'm in business， because that same work ethic。

 is the only way you're gonna get success， of an extremely memorable level。

 when you're in the business world。， And the same thing happens when you're really trying。

 to push your social life， to that really optimal level。。

 You don't have to go to that extreme though。， But that's the kind of mentality that I have。。

 I optimize things so hardcore。， I've always had a mentality that even when I was。

 playing high school football， and I wanted to get undressed。， Now I always have like a top shirt。

 and I have an undissured a T shirt， and I have to take off both， and put on a uniform。。

 I would always take off both at the same time， as opposed to taking off，， you know。

 we would be a button up shirt。， I wouldn't even unbutton the buttons on my shirt。。

 I just take both off at the same time， and optimize my time。。

 I've always been focused on saving time， because in business，， those inches， the small inches。

 working a little bit harder， seeming that much more time，。

 which is the difference between you having， as a assessment business。。

 Same thing in your day and life。， The difference between you and that next guy。

 who wants to pick up that girl， if you really want to hook up with him date， is just these little。

 little， little things，， minute things。， And you got to optimize everything in your life。。

 If you don't，， you're going to miss out on your opportunities。。

 And that's fine because sometimes you get tired， but every inch and every race counts，。

 every minute， every detail in business does as well。， You'll look at things like car racing。。

 So my wife is a car racer。， She might be joining a car racing teaching group。

 or she actually teaches people how to race cars。， One second is a ton of time。。

 It's like the milliseconds， are the difference between you winning a race。

 and you not winning a race。， And the same thing happens in your business， and social life。。

 People aren't inspired enough to think about life like that。， You have to。， And if you do do that，。

 you actually get that motivation to see， and create that go clear，， success path。。

 If you don't care about success that much，， you still might get it。。

 Just by taking that mediocre route，， but only by pushing to the extreme where you get it。。

 At the same time pushing that extreme may burn you out。， But at the same time，， like I said earlier。

， Steven Covey said，， control your emotions。， You got to control your emotions。

 and get on top of things。， Now， when we created real social dynamics， in the beginning。

 we were only about live programs。， We were hustling harder，。

 investing all of our time into teaching。， And so we were really leveraging our time，。

 but we created our first product， and program。， It's called Foundations。。

 It was a great video course。， We still sell it today at RSC University。。

 It's part of our RSC Nation store。， It's a program we talk about every aspect of pickup。。

 And then from that，， we were branching now different products from the stuff。

 that was taught in the original Foundational Course。， That course was amazing。。

 We were in a situation， where we were making $1，000， $2，000 a weekend。

 teaching one-on-one programs on boot camps，， 903-on-one， and they're just as amazing。。

 But we weren't making as much money as we could， after we launched Foundations made $100。

000 in one day。， In Blueprint， we made almost $2，000，000 in the first year，。

 just off this one digital product and video series。。

 And we were going to reach more people than just one-on-ones。。

 And so we were going to leverage our time。， I asked everybody Tony Shea，。

 he's a really good friend and he's a billionaire。， And I said，。

 what is it that really makes you manage your time， and makes so much success？。

 What are the two things that you need to do？， Well， he does the first thing that I did。

 to have the master's assist I wanted。， I said， I wanted to be a billionaire。。

 And I had it as my mindset and said，， well， I'm going to do whatever it takes to do that。。

 The second thing I did is I just focused on all my activities。

 that leverage my time with an axiomum。， And that's what we do now。， We kind of have an automated。

 launch-forming kind of program。， And we're always innovating。， We have so much content。。

 We haven't even have content to launch products every month。， The fact that I'll ask for years，。

 we've basically done just that。， And as a result， now people have a lot more to learn about us。。

 We have so much content for sharing with you guys。。

 We have to give away just as much content for free， as we do paid， but in the paid programs，。

 we give you an opportunity to actually meet with us，， and network with us。

 and learn stuff that we don't share， otherwise。， It's in the deeper personal stories。。

 But what I'm trying to get at is whether it's in your business， or your personal life，。

 leverage your time，， create a queer plan of success。， And it's not that hard。。

 Just make sure it's very queer in your mind。。