# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：01.业务启动阶段_01. Business Start Up Phases​​--十大赠品微信156066050

 Whether you're in the business start to phase or whether you're in the start to phase。

 or developing a soul circle because you just moved to a new city。

 you wanted to develop a breadth of friends really fast。

 and if you look at our company when we're growing our company， we did the exact same thing。

 Back in the day there was a really popular book that came out called TopGrating。

 The principle upon the book was that you want only a level players in your company。

 and there was a super long interview process， I think the average interview was like three hours。

 and then you would filter out maybe like 95% of applicants who applied to work for your company。

 and we did what I call an anti top creating which is you hire everyone。

 anyone and everyone that we want to get involved in our organization。

 it's just that you kind of like dedicate and delegate very small basic things。

 like your job is to go out to the store and bring back a pizza。

 your job is now to go pick up a camera， your job is now to edit a video。

 your job is now to edit a video on a high level， they kind of escalate from there。

 and once you got to those higher level skills， we kind of moved you up into payroll。

 today we're more of the top creating kind of process， not that extreme， more normal。

 but at the same time we had to develop that process， the thing is you want to get。

 executives in your company if you have a company that you trust。

 the same thing in your social you want to have a coach friend to trust。

 people that you can completely invest in， so these are people that no matter what happens。

 whether things go good no bad， you will have that friendship first。

 I remember I was watching a movie called Joy， in that movie。

 the manager of product placement from Home Shopping Network。

 told Joy who became a successful millionaire from selling products， in the Home Shopping Network。

 that no matter what happens， if they ever become an adversary in business。

 they'll still have that friendship， and that basic premise is something that you always want to have with all your friends。

 almost to the point where even if they betray your trust， you still have that friendship there。

 and you could work out a way to recover it back， I even gone so far as having guys who have embezzled money from me。

 and I've been able to forgive them， because of that basic friendship。

 I even let them stay with us for a while before terminating our relationship。

 but I think that loyalty to your friends being such a strong core。

 if you have that there and people know that， they're going to trust you。

 but you just have to be very careful， because once they go to that extreme of losing that trust。

 and you should cut those people outside of your life， also when you're getting customers。

 and you're in a business， you want to focus on getting customers to try your product as soon as possible。

 so when we create our company， we're in New York City。

 we created a program where guys would go out with us， the bars and clubs in the daytime。

 New York City there was a train station called Penn Station。

 we'd take guys out to the bars and clubs， there was shop and bars or night clubs。

 and we didn't even know what the program curriculum was going to be。

 we kind of just created that day， but we wanted people to sign up for the program。

 because we knew we were talented， we could create the program really fast。

 and we just did it almost same day， and I was just stunned on how awesome the program is。

 the same thing goes when you're in a social circle。

 you just want to get people into your network as soon as possible， and just go to it。

 if you want to stay rich or you want to become rich， or if you want to have good credit。

 good in social capital to your friends， all these different things。

 you've got to do it by developing people more than anything else。

 I know that a lot of people will kind of be introverts。

 and there's a lot of people who take tests on whether they're like an introvert。

 or an extrovert or what kind of introvert they are， what kind of extrovert they are。

 but I've noticed that even if you understand all those different things。

 you can still relate to everyone， naturally I'm not sure if I'm an extrovert or an introvert。

 because a lot of the times I want to stay at home and just play video games， and I'll do that。

 and I'll do that sometimes when my friends will come myself。

 at the same time I'm very comfortable in front of a large group of people， in front of the camera。

 I even got married on a reality TV show on a yacht。

 I had like ten cameras falling around for a full week。

 I also think that when you're looking to get people that you want to meet。

 whether it's in your soul circle like hot girls， or whether you're in business。

 and you want to meet people that are successful in your industry。

 you got to seek out those people that are also successful in industry。

 or are successful in a soul circle， when I was first into meeting girls and picking up girls with other guys。

 I had no idea what I was doing， so I was just contact people on discussion boards that were really good with girls。

 and meet up with them， I didn't contact people that were not on discussion boards。

 they were saying people saw out and said hey man， I'd like to talk to you about picking up girls。

 let me treat you to lunch， let me buy you a drink and just share stories。

 the same thing went into my industry， but I was doing it for people that were in the publishing industry。

 video publishing， business entrepreneurship， education， and kind of just sharing ideas。

 and these are people who I now share ideas with on a much higher level。

 because now that I'm successful， in both my dating life， my social life， my business life。

 I kind of have a lot more to contribute， now there's a lot of challenges for those guys。

 though who kind of want to build this network and go deep involved， like when I first got into it。

 I was going out and spending all day I'd wake up， start studying pick up。

 I'd go to lunch and while I'm at lunch， I'm studying pick up。

 I would go out in the field during the afternoon and then study more pick up， then go to dinner。

 go out to the bars and clubs and pick up girls， and then write field reports at night about what I was doing。

 same thing happened in business， when I went and wanted to create a company。

 and most people shouldn't create companies， they should just work for other people。

 but use the same skills of building a business， to be entrepreneurial as opposed to being entrepreneurs。

 but using those skills in business， I was just going to the extreme。

 I don't recommend that most people do that， but how I did it。

 I learned something very very important， which is when you're going out every night。

 those challenges of going out every night exists， and those challenges of building a business exists。

 it's very very challenging to relax， and finding that time to just get your mind off of things。

 so you get in that one-mind focus， want to be on talk about one topic。

 conversation whether it's business or whether it's pick up。

 ironically because when you talk about pick up， two girls that doesn't make any sense。

 and you might talking about with other guys， when you have guys who are in the RSD or so hardcore。

 all I do is they talk about pick up， Owen and I decided three years。

 ended the business to take the business phrase seriously， I always Owen did， I think Owen。

 he went back to school， he was going to Queens， like the Harvard of Canada。

 and he was listening to professors， at the time he was thinking about going to law school。

 maybe become a professor himself， and getting involved in academia。

 and I thought about doing the same kind of thing in the past。

 and he was listening to how boring those guys were， and he was like you know what I could code。

 way more interesting content， way more interesting stories， way more interesting tactics to share。

 and as a result he got involved， with going full throttle with going to business。

 as opposed to just going on picking up girls， about three years into the company。

 whereas at the time， I was more focused on doing it， and focusing on that business。

 but at the same time when I got involved with RSD。

 it wasn't my goal to grow RSD into a global company， in the very beginning。

 I didn't care about anything else， but learning how to pick up girls， and gain that skill set。

 and making sure the fun continued， and I didn't care about the money。

 I cared about just wanting to party to continue， and do it with my friends， I wanted enough money。

 so me and my friends could continue to party together， and then it was。

 I wanted enough money to continue to get a mansion， so could party together and a mansion。

 then I wanted enough money to live， this awesome soul circle。

 and the mansion had parties afterwards， and then it became， oh now I have this awesome soul circle。

 we're having parties all night long， mansions and movie studios， and Hollywood hills。

 and I want this party to continue， now I have to get more money。

 and then I start having people's livelihoods rely on me。

 and so I kind of needed to keep the business going， and growing that business。

 but now I'm really happy I did that， I think a lot of people are going to turn about。

 how to get started， but I think all you have to do。

 is find people that have that similar starting point， because they're everywhere。

 even on a global scale， I mean right now I'm more interested in networking。

 and find people have similar size businesses， to for my masterminds， but when you're first started。

 there's a lot of value， not networking to those kind of people。

 because you can't really relate to them， I remember meeting people who are really big。

 like the president of Verizon， and I was trying to have a conversation with them。

 I couldn't really relate， just no real mutual value exchange， or I couldn't really learn from him。

 when I found somebody who had a company， even just in a completely different industry。

 doing accounting， I was able to have a way more interesting conversation， to connect with them。

 way better， just because we had a similar size company back in the day， and toy different widgets。

 but you'd be surprised， on how different your life may be， or different interests may be。

 but you have that same basic premise， same thing going when I met with a lot of nerds。

 people who were not interested， in picking up girls， but there are people who are just genuine。

 cool， conversational， interesting people， just about their nerdy topics， yet at the same time。

 there are people who are just very loyal， and just were like one-on-one， just one guy。

 just trying to beat on a common band， it were just normal people。

 and that's how I started networking， when I was first networking with people， I was kind of a geek。

 and nerd myself， growing to academia， and I was just a network with other nerds。

 and it became nerds， that had cool nerd friends， then called girl nerd friends。

 then cool guy friends， who wanted to meet the cool nerd girl friends， because they were hot。

 and there's a group from there， now， getting some kind of people to mastermind。

 it's surprisingly interesting and easy to do， all you have to do， is look at where people。

 are doing those things， on the internet， invite them out， live， whether it's through， Facebook。

 social media， or through， student organizations， if you're a student， and meet up with them。

 or just go to gatherings， of other people， people that are already， your friends。

 ask them to introduce you to new friends， and most people， will want to do that， because it's fun。

 everyone wants to be a matchmaker， even if it's just， for social purposes， take advantage of that。

 when you're friends， and within your family， and within your family。