# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：5通过真正的联系获得成功而不受影响_05. Getting Success Without Influence via- Genuine Connection​​--十大赠品微信156066050

我 was talking to a student online about how he was starting off his process。

 of developing a circle of influence。， He wasn't somebody you had， a loss assess。。

 King from a very common background。， He was interested though。

 and surrounding himself with people that are in situations of power。， In positions of power。

 he wanted to become that kind of person。， He was asking me， how do you do this。

 if you don't already have a powerful network？， How did you get into a situation where you develop a powerful network？

， Because I too came from a background that was more normal。。

 It wasn't a situation where I grew up and I was surrounded always by powerful people。。

 I had to build that network from scratch。， A lot of that had to come from developing genuine connections。

， but I want to give you examples and specifics of how I was able to develop these genuine connections。

 because it's not just saying， oh， just be genuine。， There's a lot of things in it。。

 A lot of it had to come from the little things that people find， passions in。， For example。

 I have a friend who's a billionaire and he's really interested in this drink called Fernet。。

 To drink that love， Silicon Valley tech guys drink。， And just drinking that drink together。

 doing shots together，， this really weird drink that kind of tastes like Tauinau。

 but could taste a little bit better in Coke。， We'll drink together。。

 Other people will have other little fetishes and things that they like，。

 where there's a particular video game， or whatever， or it's something else。。

 But having common friends also has another way to do things。， I have one friend named Adam。

 who really is amazing at getting into social circles。

 just by developing deep friendships with all the friends of the person， that he really。

 really wants to network with。， He has a lot of friends that are friends with millionaires and billionaires。

， And what he'll do is not to network directly with that guy。， He will。

 and he'll build deep relationships with that guy，。

 but he'll develop tons of even deeper relationships with all that guys' friends。。

 So he has no option but to hang out with him。， And it actually works extremely well。

 And then he'll keep doing that again and again， until he has a massive social circle and he's deep in and he knows that。

， Also having common goals is really important。， We have to have to have a mind in goals。。

 And I think that you're going to find people that share those goals and then。

 you'll be able to have those ideas about how to take action and accomplish them。。

 I know a lot of people who are trying to build companies will meet with people。

 that are trying to build companies。， Those people who are trying to pick up girls and meet girls together。

 and have that goal with each other， same with a social circle，。

 same with like a philanthropic event or trying to join it to charity。。

 But just following those passions together is a huge way to develop a genuine connection。。

 And that's just evidence that you don't have to be rich or powerful。， I mean。

 I know some people that are really rich might care about video games。

 and they'll just play video games and then they'll meet people that are just。

 willing to video games。， Let's play with them。， And that's just a genuine friendship。

 a genuine connection。， And I'm not talking about rocket science。。

 You're a lot of people will do this naturally as kids，， but don't forget this is they grow up。。

 You also should be showing a strong work ethic。， A lot of people don't realize how lazy they come across to other people。

， As a result， they just chill and they kind of expect a world to come to them。。

 They kind of portray the flashy image， especially with the power of social media。。

 A lot of people will just feel like they have that power， have that success。。

 Just for trying to convey that fake facade。， I know one guy who would try to pose in front of fancy cars and private jets。

， And he really was a loser that kind of didn't have any money，， was living off his parents。。

 And he felt like he made it just because he was posing in front of the pictures。。

 But the true success comes from having a strong work ethic， and actually accomplishing honest。

 hard work and entering that， and trying to contribute to society。， And from that。

 you'll be being a lot of people， who want to learn how you're able to do that。

 because you'll be able to contribute to your life in a very powerful way。。

 Being a very supportive and honest guy， speaking what's on your mind。

 is also something that will help a lot。， There's a lot of books about radical honesty。

 where people just say it's accurate on their mind all the time，， but it won't calibrate。。

 But even though that may be an extreme， you should always be available for people。

 and be supportive and be able to share advice， learn from personal experience。

 and share your personal experiences with other people without fear。， Especially if there's failures。

， Sharing your failures with other people will kind of always，。

 almost automatically have an autopilot response， of people wanting to come out there and help you。。

 And that's actually another kind of like a trick for ways of people。

 to want to get involved with your life。， A lot of people who are really on top of their life have a deep desire。

 and need to help other people that need help。， And it gives them a feeling of value to be able to help other people。

， I personally came back to teach for RSD， because I personally had that need desire。

 and had so much fun teaching clients from around the world。

 and I wanted to contribute to other people's lives。。

 The regular support and investing in the emotional bank accounts of others。

 is not just a tool that makes you feel good，， but it also is a tool for you to also cash in the future。

 on times when you really need them。， If you have a situation where you have friends。

 that can offer you something，， whether it's a connection， whether it's business，。

 whether it's introducing you to somebody else， or whether you're in your dating life。

 by you being supportive， and that's what I call investing in the emotional bank account， others。

 you're kind of putting a chip in there。， So when there's a situation where you're not just giving，。

 you're taking in a situation where you can do so， and you've calibrated the situation。

 and you know you've invested so much in them， that you kind of feel like you have an entitlement。

 to ask for some help。， Those personal favors are real。， It happens that's needed。， I mean。

 I remember little things， could also come from most bank accounts。

 just by caring for you or showing it to you care。， There's a really master networker。

 who wrote a series of books， usually teaches in front of large corporations， like Morgan Stanley。。

 His name is Harvey McKay。， When he first was getting involved with networking。

 and he was an entrepreneur， and he had an envelope business。

 but he wanted to teach entrepreneurship。， He went on Larry King and talked about a book。

 that he wrote about networking。， And from his one interview with Larry King，， he sold 100，000 books。

， Instantly made him a target to go on Oprah， and other shows and made him millions of dollars in the future。

， What he did is he bought a giant pen，， a human size pen and was like a ballpoint fancy pen。

 and gave it to him。， And for the rest of his life，， he stayed a very close friend of Larry King。。

 I have another friend。， They fill who almost all the time， just with little favors。

 would send people a very fancy card。， Just thank you cards。， He's a very memorable little things。。

 Even just remembering people's birthdays， and having special memories with people。

 and celebrating that， and reminding people， of going to be giving them a trinket or a note。

 or even just text messages。， These little things add up，。

 especially if you can be creative about it。， I mean， I know that a lot of my birthdays。

 for even a distant family， or friends，， I'll send them a gift baskets or flowers or what have you。。

 And most people don't even do these little things。， And a lot of people，， as they grow old，。

 or grow further away from their family。， And so these little things really add a lot of rapport。

 in your soul circle and circle of influence。， Especially if there's little gifts。

 and there's like a creative touch。， And when I give a gift，， I usually also include a nice message。。

 And that message will have like，， you know，， kind of like call back humor，， where you're like，。

 you're a comedian，， you'll call back a joke， and make you laugh again and again。。

 I'll do little things like that。， Just for like the good old days，， the good old memories。

 and little things like that， to keep things，， you know， interesting。。

 And keep me on their mind in a very positive way。。

 And reaching out to people on those important occasions，， like maybe there's a birth of a child。

 or a successful business，， and you just hear about it，， and they're proud of it。。

 Maybe it's not like a thing that people usually celebrate，。

 like let's say so and finish the marathon， or what have you，， and they're really proud of it。。

 More than a typical person will be proud of it。， Showing those people that you celebrate，。

 their successes，， if they care about them，， and you feel it are an important people，。

 even if you're not deep friends with these people，， but that you celebrate and they're successful。。

 You recognize that in them。， You can just recognize in these little things，。

 really contributes a lot。， So I mean， contribute whenever possible，， whether it's financial，。

 emotional，， or intellectual assets you have。， As these are important than anything else，。

 other than your health，， because the health is your base。。

 You need to have that more than anything else。， I view financial support，， financial contributions，。

 is more just about staying on top of your game，， and then also giving them the finances they need，。

 if there's like little things that need to be done，。

 like going out to your friends and buying drinks，， or having access to little things like that，。

 or coming your own way when you're out，， or offering to treat people。。

 There's little things like that，， showing emotional support，。

 would be just showing that you actually care，， verbalizing it，， showing it through action，。

 throwing it into different languages of，， I guess in terms of like love languages，。

 for relationships，， some people are really into gifts，， some people are into actions，。

 some people in words，， just understand what people are looking for，， and then show that，。

 and hit them on an emotional level。， And intellectually，。

 make sure you're contributing to your conversations，， and to the value of the conversations，。

 whether it's for business，， or your social life，， adding interesting things to contribute to the goals。

 that are people。， These are all assets， I think，， that really helped get into success with people of influence。

。