# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第3周-RSD Mario（RSD社交媒体经理）_Week 3 - RSD Mario (RSD Social Media Manager)​​--十大赠品微信156066050

Hey guys， it's Papa。 We have a special interview today with Mario。。

 A lot of you guys know him from the R。C。 Inner Circle Facebook Groups，。

 as he has created hundreds of R。C。 Inner Circle Facebook Groups around the world。。

 These are little fraternities that you can join。， I mean， little in a sense。

 there's either a few hundred or a few thousand people，， so it's not that small。

 but it's a chance for you guys not just to meet people in your local community，。

 but also network with everyone else share ideas。， Mario is an expert on social media。。

 Not just in terms of business， but also with girls as well。。

 He's somebody who also has a lot of business skills in the sense that he understands what it is to be an entrepreneur。

， He created his own health and fitness program。， He's somebody who's on top of his life in terms of game。

 in terms of pickup， in terms of business， having a good mindset。， He's a great networker。

 a master networker， and an all-around pretty intelligent guy。， Now。

 we are really lucky to have him with us。 He's somewhere in Europe。， Mario。

 we're in the world are you right now？， Well， I'm currently in Croatia。

 so I kind of settled for the summer。， Here， it's pretty good in Europe。， So。

 I'm not sure if you've ever been here。， By the way， in deduction， I'm pretty humble by it。。

 Great to be here。， Awesome。， Yeah， I'm in Las Vegas right now at my office in my house in Las Vegas。

， And yeah， I guess Mario， you're in split。， Yeah， I have been to Croatia。。

 I've done business in Zagreb， but I have not been to split。。

 I heard it's an awesome place for sailing。， And the cool thing is that you kind of live the life。

 like this mobile life，， where you'll live like for a month in Hong Kong， then you'll go to Taipei，。

 then you'll go to Spain， then you'll go to Canada， and now you're in Croatia，。

 after having been a long stint with a bunch of a marketing team in Bulgaria，。

 and also around Skid and Navi and Spain。， It's kind of cool because we've kind of built RSD to be full of remote traveling。

， And you have this really interesting life。， And I guess I'd love to have you share with our audience。

， A little bit about who you are， what you do， your social media skill sets，。

 and those things that I think that relate to social media in terms of business and social life，。

 that might be really attractive to the RSD founders club members。， Yeah， you said it well there。。

 I mean， we believe a pretty unique lifestyle。， Anybody who's involved in RSD， who work with RSD。

 I mean， we're old remote workers。， I mean， we're all traveling pretty much all the time。。

 It's kind of that digital nomad lifestyle， basically no home。， So we're moving around all the time。。

 And so far， it's been about 40 countries。， You know， the number is just going up every year。。

 It's kind of silly， I guess， after three or four years，， when people talk about this lifestyle。

 you're thinking，， it's not that special， but I mean。

 majority of people really never get a chance to do this。。

 And I think the right time is to do this right now。， I mean。

 you couldn't have these possibilities a couple of decades ago。， It wasn't possible。

 so it's not fully the norm。， And when you mention there。

 the inner circles and the social media aspect， of it really is helpful because now we build such a big community around the world。

 that you can just go to any city。， I mean， just hit up a group of guys there and you're at home。

 right？， It's not a big problem to figure out where you go out。。

 It's not a big problem to figure out where the best gyms are，， where the best supermarkets are。

 where to pretty much rent a place。， What is the center， where most of the things are happening？。

 I mean， it's pretty good。， We covered every major city around the world。， And it's fascinating。。

 I mean， if you look at a couple of years ago，， we didn't have these opportunities。， I mean。

 we had to start from scratch。， There were forums， but one forums， you know，。

 guys are more anonymous。， And it's kind of hard to connect when there's so much， anonymity going on。

， But ever since we switched on a little bit to Facebook，， where you actually see real people。

 real faces， real profiles，， everybody becomes a little bit more exposed and shared。。

 And at the same time， you know， you're more，， now you become more trustworthy for people to host you。

， They see you that you're a cool guy。， And that's definitely something that we endorse。。

 Because a lot of， obviously， I mean，， I always these nasty about personal development as well。。

 And if you're hosting someone， or if you're meeting up with someone， who's from the same community。

 you know，， you know that you're going to meet up with like-minded people。。

 It's not going to be some kind of random person，， which is a big concern if you're going through the route of。

， like， just meeting up with people or networking， who aren't in the same things。。

 And you actually have to， like， find the middle ground，， but with RZ， you know， you kind of know。。

 I mean， it's all about optimizing，， becoming the best version of yourself in all areas of your life。

， I mean， mostly we're focused on social skills， obviously。， But still， I mean。

 there's a lot of business connections， that make with， I mean， pretty successful guys。， I mean。

 they all have the mindset of growth。， And that's one thing if you're part of this community，。

 you have asteries guys。， Because you always have some connection。， You have some connection through。

 like， social skills，， or through some form of health and fitness，， or in similar business。

 or spirituality。， There's always something to connect to you。。

 And I think this is really fascinating。， I mean， you've done a world through yourself。。

 You've met a lot of people， right？， So you know that everybody is kind of different，。

 but at the same time， we work on the same areas。， And that connects all of us。。

 Because the journey is pretty similar， you know， for most of us。， You know。

 it's like you start by sucking， you know， being good at it。。

 And then eventually you get better and better。， You also get better at traveling。。

 And through traveling， you actually get much better at your social skills。。

 And pretty much any general people skills in traveling。

 is one of the most rewarding things you can do。， If that's an option for you。

 I would highly recommend。， Make it an option if it's not。。

 Because it's going to make you grow as a person much， much faster。。

 And anything you can do in your own city，， which is something that I mean。

 I come from a little town。， You know， it's like a town of 200， 300 people。， You know。

 it's like more cows than people。， So I can definitely relate to。

 if you're saying that you don't have places to goad，， or if you don't have connections。

 if you don't have a good network of people around you。。

 And that's why you need to switch the environment。， You know， it's， I mean， no regrets。 You know。

 you live this life once。， And why not take the opportunity of the age where you live in？， Sure。 Now。

 one of the things that I think is really cool， in terms of learning how to be a part of a community is actually building the community。

， or developing the community， or adding value to the community。， Now。

 you actually built these communities around the world。， You created an infrastructure。

 You've had conference calls。， You've had little leaders that you built。。

 But I think it's really kind of a cool kind of eco-cosm for what people could do。， And they're also。

 you know， in terms of an eco-cosm for what people could do in their own social circles。。

 Because by having this skill set to build a community on the social media or online，。

 there's a lot of parallels to how this relates to doing so in， say， your own social life。

 if you're going to do the same thing in terms of events and what have you。

 and build a social circle that you could use to meet new people and creature dating life。

 and also have a great skill set for networking in general。。

 I'd love for you to go a little bit more in detail about this community-building process you've done。

， Yeah， I mean， it's fascinating that we as human beings， there's always guys who stand out。。

 And I think that in terms of the community quality of the leadership potential，。

 I think RSD is really rich with people who have the potential。。

 And they realize they have the potential to be leaders。， Because if I go into a new city， I mean。

 if you just try to find people， who are actually in a role of leading people。

 that's a little bit hard。， But if you go through， let's say， a filter like RSD，。

 because someone who relates to videos that are put by Tyler or any other instructor，。

 these people are more prone to be leaders。， And I recognize this as a community of guys who are pretty much living in that mindset。

， okay， I'm going to give value。， And leading a group is actually a， it's pretty beneficial。。

 It's not just in terms of that you're going to build a group。。

 It's not just in terms that you're going to give value to others。。

 But you're also going to grow as a person。， When you're putting that role when people depend on you。

， you're going to learn responsibility， you're going to learn all these different roles。。

 And that's very attractive for those local leaders that we've set up。。

 And I met up with a lot of them。， And then it's eventually I would set up a group。。

 The group would fill up through Facebook group， promote the group to the city。。

 All the people would join in。， And then what would happen is that I would go there and I would meet up with the leaders。

， And it would always be that like really， really cool solid guys。。

 That I'm not saying that the other members are not super solid。， But it's just a guy， okay， I said。

 I'm going to step up first。， And what this really gives you。

 the ability is to learn how to master an organization。， How to lead an organization。。

 How to be the right type of leader。， And that's an insanely valuable skill。。

 So all the guys who are intercirculators， I mean， some max our instructor was once an intercircle leader。

， And that's kind of the potential where people are， the ones who are stepping up。。

 And for the process of building it， obviously the first thing you want to make sure that you have a good structure and a good organization。

， So we make sure that we have a leader， make sure to have a good team。。

 And you make sure to organize events on a monthly basis。， We start off monthly。。

 But in certain cities like London， it turned into instantly inserted like two per month and four per month。

， You know how they're doing multiple events per week。， And there's such a high demand。， I mean。

 if you have a group like London or like New York， like LA， we're talking about thousands of people。。

 And well， everybody wants to do something。， But people need kind of a permission to actually do something。

， When a guy steps up and says， well， I'm going to do this event。。

 It's not really that special in a sense that， well。

 he's doing some unreal skill that nobody else can do。。

 But it gives permission to others to do so as well。， So they're like， okay， if this guy can do it。

 I can do it。， I mean， in RZ， you thought like no man has cut from a different claw。。

 So it really instills those skills says that he can use。， I mean。

 tomorrow you're going to be a CEO of your company。。

 And you're going to have potentially hundreds of people that you need to manage。。

 And you first have to learn how to manage yourself， which is being a leader。。

 You learn how to manage yourself， but also learn how to manage others。， I mean。

 it's an incredible opportunity。， Everybody I met from Minnesota Groups that are really。

 that really are immersed in our project。， Incredible people。， Very， very highly talented in skill。。

 Cool。， I guess the other thing I wanted to talk about is a little bit about how you use social media in terms of business。

， in terms of what you're doing within real social dynamics behind the scenes。， Yeah， I mean。

 the thing is with， generally， with developing our social skills，。

 we have to find a way to present ourselves on social media that is， I guess，， in some way。

 relatable to people。， So if you just make sure that you're relatable and if you're a TENFIC，。

 if you can express yourself with basically your true self，。

 then that's what we did with RSD to make sure that our content can be seen。

 by hundreds of thousands of people and they can relate。， That's a big thing。。

 If you're not relatable to people， they'll dismiss you instantly。， And with RSD。

 we have that little edge where we， some people are like，。

 just started to become more and more curious， right？。

 They find us on social media that they're like， okay， what are these guys about？， Like。

 what is this？， And for them， it's kind of fascinating。， Okay。

 there's all these guys are approaching girls doing all these things。， And how is this possible？。

 How is this happening， kind of behind the curtains？， But it's really not that， I mean。

 not that special。， It's 100% natural to do that。， But the way you have to present it in a way that the person on the other side。

 who is a little bit skeptical， because people are skeptical by nature。， I mean， most people。

 you have to present it in a way that it's kind of a win-win for them， to go in and try it out。。

 And instantly， as you try it out， if you see the cool social media posts，， we do like。

 we post like infield footage， infield video footage，。

 that actually shows that it's not some kind of weird thing or whatever。， You know。

 it's like 100% natural， super fun， great lifestyle to live。， And when people see this， they're like。

 oh， I want to be a part of that。， And then they do a little bit more research。

 then they find the forums，， and then find the Facebook groups。

 they find the other guys to connect with。， And then they start。。

 And once you get into this community， it's really hard to go out of it。， It's almost impossible。。

 It's kind of like， me or in the matrix。， Once you get unplugged。

 it's impossible to really go back and see the society the same way。。

 Because you see the old subtle details that are happening in the social，， like communications。

 in the events， and everything。， You just start seeing more and more details。。

 And it becomes something that a lot of people are now throwing away，。

 throwing around is like the term of emotional intelligence，。

 and really having the ability to relate to people。， But that is a skill set。， You know。

 that's not something that you're born with or whatever。， That's a skill set。。

 And we're building that skill set in people。， We're building that skill set of having that emotional intelligence。

， And once you develop that， you can relate to anybody at any point in time。。

 And you can actually present yourself in an authentic way。， And you're able to connect with people。。

 It doesn't really matter how much money anybody makes，， or in general。

 it's a side that's how people typically will try to kind of make connections，。

 or either through money， or through some hobby， or anything like that。， But here。

 you're able to present yourself in a very authentic way。， And that attracts people。。

 Even who are like just people who don't necessarily do the same things as you，， they respect you。。

 And they respect your opinion， and they'll gladly connect with you。。

 And that leads to incredible opportunities。， So that's what RRZ， I mean。

 we've done a great job with Facebook over the last couple of years。。

 The YouTube community is massive。， We're talking about half a million subscribers。， I mean。

 we're talking about a lot of people。， And it's insane， right？， It's insane to see it grow。。

 We're growing super， super fast。， And it's just rewarding。， You know， we started from scratch。

 basically 2011。， I think Facebook was not existent。， There was just one Facebook group。

 RSD was like 150 people。， And there was no Facebook page， and it was like really。

 really hard to start it up。， But once we started up， once we started getting momentum，。

 and then it just blew up， that's just the way it is right now。， And I think social media。

 the way you can use social media in today's age，， is really to put yourself out there in the right way。

， So you can definitely put yourself out there。， You can create yourself。。

 You can create the identity of the person that you want to be。。

 And it also becomes easier to act like that person，。

 because it's easier for you to convey who you really are if you know how to use social media。。

 I mean， there's two strategies。， One strategy is always to hide and be kind of that mysterious person。

 or whatever。， But in today's world， I mean， it's really about being that authentic person，。

 who isn't afraid to show what he likes， what he dislikes，。

 and really his has his own opinion of the world，， and how the world works。

 and all these other things，， that people respect that。， And that's if you use social media properly。

 especially things like Snapchat，， and how Instagram， Facebook， you can really。

 really not just connect with people，， but you can also express yourself in a really creative way。。

 I mean， this is the first time this is possible。， And since the history of mankind， right？。

 So it's an exciting time， right？， As a leader of our social media。

 you're the influencer of our brand， to so many people around the world。。

 So I'd be really interested to hear about how the RSD lifestyle has influenced you，。

 because usually the self-expression is kind of conveyed，。

 even when you're just trying to push your own message to the audience， that we have in RSD nation。。

 So I guess I would be interested in hearing how you have been impacted， by the RSD lifestyle。

 and how you're trying to disseminate that message， to our communities all over the world。， Yeah。

 I mean， if I look at myself，， what we're talking about is an example of a person who never，， never。

 ever had any social skills in terms of like basic communication skills。。

 I'm not talking about just going up to some stranger or anything like that。， I'm talking about。

 in general， talking with people，， always afraid to experience your opinion，， kind of like， okay。

 just go with the flow。， Don't go against anybody， try to be as diplomatic as possible。。

 And that's one thing that is okay。， In a sense that you're creating that illusion，。

 you're kind of a chameleon， right？， But it's not okay for yourself。， You start feeling like， okay。

 I'm not being able to be held down， right？， I cannot express myself。， And I mean， as I said。

 in 2010， 2011，， before I got into RSD， I mean， it's pretty much horrible。。

 In a sense that I did not only not have any female friends or female connections，。

 I would not even be having any real friends in general， right？。

 Because my background is like video games，， connecting with people behind like through like chats and stuff like that。

， I didn't really have these connections。， And once I got through the programs，， I mean。

 I got through Blueprint Decoded as my favorite program。

 that actually opened my eyes to the whole world of dynamics，， of social dynamics。。

 And then once I got into it， I mean， I just realized， well， damn，， this is just a skill set。。

 Before that， I thought I was just born。， Okay， you're born an introvert， you're born like this，。

 and you're fixed， right？， You have that fixed mindset。， And as Carol Buck says， you know，。

 you have the fixed mindset， you have like the growth mindset。。

 And once I switched to the growth mindset， I realized， well， damn，， you know。

 I can just invest time in this。， There's people who are already doing this，。

 who started as same position as I was。， And it's a skill set。， Let's build a skill set。。

 And then I kind of discovered RSD。， I made connections within the community of RSD。。

 And then eventually I started getting to know the company。， I got really。

 really interested and actually improved my social skills。。

 Pretty good in the first six months and in the first year。。

 And then eventually I started also like going into looking into the company。， I was like， okay。

 this company has changed the world。， I want to help this company spread the message。。

 And I started a computer science。， And I had pretty decent marketing skills in a sense that I knew what was in demand at the moment。

， So social media was blowing up。， And I realized， well， social media is the way， right？。

 So we need to do that。， And I was looking at RSD。， And I was like， oh shit， you know。

 RSD needs someone to help them with this， because this is a huge project。， And we jumped on that。。

 I did an internship with you guys and it was amazing。， The internship was a hell of an internship。。

 If anybody who is watching this video， they've been through RSD。， It's really hard。。

 We did a lot of good work。， We launched in a circle。， We did a lot of projects。， And eventually。

 as I got in， I was like， okay， this is a very strong message。。

 We have to spread this message because there's guys like me who are held down by the quote unquote。

 rules of the society or whatever you want to call them。， So necessarily that someone is like。

 it's a conspiracy， that someone is holding it down。。

 But it's just the way that these things that we're thought， that we actually now take for granted。

 that are on YouTube，， nobody's telling these things to most people。， And mostly。

 we're not aware of this。， So we have to have that， that understand， okay， let's spread the message。。

 You know， let's get more people into this。， And that's where I see my role in RSD。。

 I see that I help spread a really， really good message that impacted my life。， And I mean。

 ever since I got these skills handled， I started working with RSD that allowed me to travel，。

 traveling allowed me to build more skills than I could do at other skills as well。， I mean。

 I invested more。， I just realized that mindset of growth can be applied to all your years of my life。

， And ever since then， it's exploded。， So that's just a clear example of a random guy who， I mean。

 I lived in a village in Bosnia，， basically with my parents。， I mean， just two。

 three hundred people in the whole village， practically no connections whatsoever，， and no chance。

 slow internet。， Like， you would say that it's like against all possible odds。

 but it's not that hard。， In general， if you look at it， it's just， okay。

 realize that there's a skill set that you're lacking。。

 And you just have to apply yourself to learn the skill set。， And yeah， I mean， it's ever since then。

 you know， it was just momentum and then gradually improving。， Cool。。

 I've noticed that one of the really interesting things about what's going on in terms of the creation of my YouTube channel。

 and the creation of RSC Founders' Clubs has been the interest from so many different fans of RSD。

 and getting them really interested in this concept of how their business life can be affected in terms of。

 like， pickup。， So one of the biggest things that I thought that could be of value to our customers is if you could tell me。

 what your opinion is of how the skills that you've learned from being a part of RSC behind the scenes。

， being in your position as a social media manager in terms of business。

 and the mindset that you had to develop，， how do you apply these skills into your pickup life？。

 Well， in a sense that in the sense of social skills， I mean， the principles。

 the way you apply these skills in terms of， like， whatever your goal is，。

 whatever your goal is in social skills will be applied the same way to men， women， anybody else。。

 Because you're a social creature。 You're living a world where you have to learn how to actually connect with people。

， There's no other way to succeed。， You can go far by yourself。 You can be an individual。

 You can really， like， say， okay， screw everybody。 I'm just going to do it myself。。

 And that's going to take you far。 But you're never going to be able to achieve actual greatness if you don't learn how to work with teams。

， If you don't learn how to actually meet someone you like， you want to spend time with in terms of。

 like， girls and， and， and， and， and， and， guys in general，。

 like friends and both the female and male friends。 And also， your loved ones。， If you don't。

 you don't have the skill set to actually meet these people。 I mean， as I said， you can go。

 you can go long，， but you will never be able to reach that greatness。

 All the great things are accomplished in teams。， And in terms of business and， and social skills。

 I mean， how to win friends and influence people。， It's like， you could say that that's just simply。

 like， a pick up or a social skill book as well。， You know， it's。

 it's the same principles if you just look at a dad。 And you。

 you have to realize the basic concepts of being able to be a good partner。。

 Being able to put yourself in a position that is win-win with people around you。。

 Because if they see you as a， as we know the all the concept of， like， giving value， right？。

 We know the concept of taking value。 If you're a value giver， if you can say， okay。

 I'm giving value。， I'm just spreading good value both in terms of it can be an emotion。

 it can be a business deal， it can be anything that you can do。。

 Everything that is in your possibility that makes the person's life a little bit better。

 it does have to be a big thing。， Just a little tiny， a little bit better， your value giver。

 And everybody wants to be around value givers。， Most people in the world。

 like 97% of people actually takeers， right？， So we live in a world like that。

 And if you're a value giver， you instantly stand out。， And you stand out。 And as I said。

 both in terms of like， when you're in a nightclub， if you're。

 if you're just there having a lot of fun，， if you're just giving value to people， they can see。

 well， that's kind of person I want to hang around with。， You know。

 that's the kind of person that can make me forget a little bit about my shitty job or whatever I'm doing。

， Or just can enhance my life。 And that's the kind of person that you want to be。

 And that will attract other people， especially if you also take initiative。， That's a big thing。

 right？ Especially if you take initiative， then also people realize， well。

 this guy is obviously on his path。， You know， he's on a good path of purpose。

 And then he is contributing also value at the same time。， You know。

 people just want to be around you。 And that's a， that's a huge thing is that you can't force these things。

， You can't force people to be around you。 But it's like the more you radiate value。

 the people will be naturally drawn to you。， It's a really。

 really different concept than what the world generally teaches us。

 which is like just hoard a lot of money or whatever other things like。。

 And then people will be your friends， right？ And this is a whole different， different， like。

 bowl game here， right？， So that's something I learned a lot。 And I mean， that。

 just that concept of giving value， that， that completely changed my life。

 That's like 100% completely changed。， Like every single thing I'm doing right now。

 I'm just going through the matrix， like the decision making matrix。 So I'm like， okay， is this。

 is this thing that I'm doing is actually giving value or is it taking value？， And that's when you。

 when you have that thought process， I mean， it's just all the decisions just instantly become an old brainer。

 right？， And that， that just attracts the highest quality people you can imagine。， That's great。

 Mario。 Let's talk about what your vision is for RSD in terms of like our future。

 As you have such an influence on our brand and what we do。， Yeah， I mean。

 RSD has the brightest future， probably hold the companies out there in terms of like just expanding and growing as much as we。

 we love when the community was tight and small and we could like kind of micromanage all these little things。

， Now we're talking about thousands and thousands of people in every city around the world that is just growing as the message is so strong。

 the message coming from that place of power。， So it's really impossible to ignore it。

 And it's just growing and growing。 What I see really is that more people will just embark on that path to self improvement。

， And that will naturally attract them to the continent RSD is basically putting out， I mean。

 it's mostly self improvement related plus obviously mastering your， your social skills。

 which is a huge， huge aspect of you， you， you as a person。。

 And what I see basically in RSD is like kind of that more guys will just realize that there's more to life than following a beaten path。

 you know， there's like more， there's a different road。。

 There's something that there's these cool guys， there's these cool。

 cool communities around the world。， There's guys who are pushing themselves outside the comfort zone。

 they're growing， they're making business deals。 And what I see is kind of like a little fight club seeing。

 you know， like it's just going to be more and more like of that going expanding further。。

 And what's going to happen in cities， I mean， we're talking about 1000。

000 people who will have their own mini networks when I start companies to get us。

 start working with people from the groups。， And kind of my vision， I guess for the future。

 if you'd say it was like， it's just normal for you to walk into a club and like， you see。

 like super cool guys there inviting you。， Hey， I know who you are。

 you're like a part of the same crew。 Hey， come， come check out meet my friends and it's just going to be a global network that is that is something that hasn't existed in past。

 I think， like even though we can look at Facebook for example as a global network of like just everybody's on there。

， It's not the same as RSD because RSD is really grounded in taking action and pushing yourself outside the comfort zone。

 And these kind of people will attract the different type of person than just being on something where you're just a passive consumer。

， So with RSD， it's like， if you go to a city right now， like to a random city in the world。

 you just go there。， If you see someone in like taking action in a nightclub。

 if you see someone approaching people on the street。

 like being a promoter or something like that and he has a lot of social skills， if you ask them。

 okay， do you know about RSD？， You're most likely going to hear yes， right？

 Because people know they are finding out they're being exposed more and more to the message， right？。

 And the message is so strong that it can be held back。

 And that's what I see for the vision in the future is， I mean， we can discuss now。

 it's going to be a mainstream or not。， And it really matters because the right people will hear the message。

 And we only care about the right people， right？， We don't care about everybody in this world to give us some kind of validation。

 right？ It's not about that。， It's really about every single person out there and obviously。

 I mean both women and men resonate with the true core message that RSD is giving。。

 And what that's going to do is really put more people in that path， okay。

 I can become a better person。， I can become the better version of myself。

 And then you'll have these mini rock stars appearing all over the world。

 And they're obviously in the same network because they know the trigger。， And the trigger。

 same as what's for me， was RSD。 Same that trigger is being just enhanced more and more and more and more people are exposed to it。

， So that trigger is definitely something that is very。

 very important because it has to be reaching at the right moment。。

 And people who are coming to our events， who are coming， who are going into the programs。

 who are taking bootcamps and all that， they're not the same people anymore。。

 Once they go through that process， I mean， it's just that they now just started and they started building momentum。

 And most guys， I mean， that's the only， I mean， I've not seen any other company out there who's really has the ability to actually change people's identity to have them realize their full potential。

， I think RSD is one of the only ones that I know that actually have this capacity and that's something huge because you cannot inherently change。

， If you can just take a random guy like myself， like it's a complete random guy from the street。

 No money， like nothing， like from a random country as well， with barely no internet。

 no electricity or whatever。， And if you take a random guy like myself and have him in five years travel like 45 countries。

 build a business， consult with many， many companies， work with RSD as well as spread the message。

 build a whole community of cities around the whole world。， And be a part of that。 I mean。

 what the hell， you know， it's unbelievable。 So I think that the future is extremely。

 extremely bright when we're talking about RSD。， Cool。

 And I think that one of the things that RSD emulates is that ability to have personal freedom and you've traveled all around the world trying to build a soul circle on a daily life in each city from city to city。

， What are you doing when you land each of these cities in order to accomplish that goal？， Yeah。

 I mean， the thing is you can approach this in many different ways。

 So we know that we can do social networking。， We can also do sort of like， okay。

 let's meet the best promoters in the city。 But you can also go with the method of call approach。。

 Right？ Call approach method is 100% effective when it comes to building strong connections in the city that you arrive in。

， It's extremely effective。 I'm not talking about just call approaching girls all the time。

 but I'm talking about call approaching general。， I mean。

 one good example of this back in 2013 when I went to Japan， right？ I mean。

 there's practically everything to Osaka。 You know， it's not Tokyo。。

 You don't really meet a lot of foreign people there。 I was practically， I mean， probably like。

 handful of foreigners in the whole city。， And what we really did， I mean。

 me and a couple of my friends， we basically call the promoters， the DJs， everybody。

 the owner of the club。， Right？ And in this situation。

 we managed to create a circle of influence that we， everybody all of a sudden starts to know us。

 I mean， a couple of weeks， we already made ourselves at home。。

 And it's a random city where people don't even speak English。 It's incredible。

 What you can do if you have the skill set of call approach。。

 And that's something that most people underestimate。 They look at it just as a tool of like， okay。

 I can just score or I can just do that。， But it's just that ability to just not be， I guess。

 held back because what true confidence really is， is just realizing that there's nothing holding you back。

， That's what we're saying。 We can add a true core confidence。 So you realize， okay。

 there's nothing holding me back。 I mean， why can't I go to talk to that DJ right there。

 where I can't just talk through the staff。， If you have a good understanding。

 what the person finds valuable in that scenario。 So let's say if you're， if you're。

 let's say in that in Hong Kong， right， you have to realize， okay， if I want to get into that club。

 right， how are I going to do that？， Well， you have to realize， okay。

 what does that bounce that is that is the primary boundary there？

 What does he consider value in this situation？， And you want to make sure you have that value。

 If it's a bunch of girls， okay， that's cool。 Call the approach。

 You can easily gather as many girls as he wants。 It doesn't matter， right？， Because you have。

 you have the tools， you have the abilities， you have the skills。

 And now it just simply comes down to application， realizing， okay， I can do this in any city。。

 And with social media， for example， good， good now thing that you can do is just contact people through Facebook。

 If you're， if you have a good profile， if you really built up yourself。

 like having just photos of places you've traveled， like good， good。

 either like you're doing V-Blog or something like that，。

 or people can see that you're a real person。 If you add someone from that city that you're traveling to two weeks before you're there。

 if you just asked them， well， hey man， like you seem like a pretty cool guy。

 I'm just arriving in the city。 Like， is there something like I can do for you or just send them something that he finds valuable in a sense that you can actually connect with a person？

， I mean， of course， you have yourself a new friend， right？

 Especially if you're in that position that what we always advocate is a position of giving value。

 Right？ So if you have value， if you know what that person finds valuable。

 if you can make their life a little bit better， everybody wants to talk to you。

 like everybody wants to connect with you。， And you city， I mean， in terms of practicalities。

 what do you do when you arrive in a new city？ Well。

 first thing you want to make sure that you're somewhere central where you can actually connect with people that you're living in an area where you don't have to travel for an hour or something to get to get to a club or to get to a place where things are happening。

， And another thing is that you want to make sure that you have really good accommodations。

 we have your own privacy， especially if you're practicing like improving your social skills。

 privacy is the key。 Besides from that， you want to make sure to have a good gym nearby to be healthy at the same time as you're traveling。

 which is a pretty good thing is impacts your energy levels impacts your focus。。

 Everything basically in your life is influenced by exercise。 Additionally。

 you want to make sure to have a proper place where you can prepare your food， like good nutrition。

 good nutrition， depending on whatever lifestyle you're in。。

 But that's the key that you have your little environment where you can feel at home。

 And then you can easily work your way in that same city。 And I recommend， I mean。

 the way I do the traveling， I think most people make a mistake by staying in one city for just a week。

， I prefer to stay in a place for two months。 That's kind of my preferred method。

 Two to three months would be ideal。 As I think that we are as much as we can adapt very fast and you learn how to adapt very fast in your city。

， It's always the same thing。 Get a SIM card， get 4G internet， find your ways。

 what's the best taxi company or Uber or whatever public transfer you need。

 where are all the good things。 But by the time you figure that out， it's usually five， six days。

 no matter how good you are， maybe four days， if you're really awesome at this。。

 But you don't get to actually experience the city if you're not there for longer。

 And that's why I recommend staying for a month or two， even three months。

 three months would be ideal because you can actually make connections because you can see these people over and over。

， And you want to see， what's the best venue in the city or what are the best venues in the city and you want to repeatedly visit those venues。

 So people get familiar with you。 You want to remember the bouncer's names。

 you want to remember the bartender's names， you want to ask the bartender who owns the club。

 where's the owner， when I buy my drink， like stuff like that。。

 And just arm yourself a little bit of knowledge and that really takes you a long way。

 it takes you miles， it's incredible， it's just in terms of social skills， in terms of businesses。

 It's a pretty similar process。， I mean， it's the same。

 just you go to events in the city that are actually hosted by types of things that they're talking about types of things that you're also skilled in。

， So I'm going to go to a place， let's say in Hong Kong and there's an event in marketing。

 I know that I can go there and I can connect with someone in terms of social media。。

 So I know I have something to offer these people and then we can connect them that or in terms of if it's a health and fitness event。

 if it's any event like you want to be able to bring value to the table。

 and then you're going to easily be able to connect with people there。， Cool。

 now you have experienced pretty much every social media tool technology out there。

 you tried and tested it personally and also for RSD， everything from Snapchat， Instagram， etc。。

 And many other services that we haven't even discussed， I mean YouTube， etc。

 Could you talk about all these various technologies and how they might be useful to somebody for their business and personal life。

， Yeah， I mean if you're not on currently， if you're not on Facebook， Instagram。

 Snapchat and possibly YouTube， you're not even alive。。

 So you don't even exist and that's just the fact， unless you're some kind of movie star who's like trying to run away from it and people are literally like。

 continue done in the street， even that you probably have a Facebook page or something。。

 So it's impossible to avoid these tools， so you have to like get out of that mindset and some people are in that mindset。

 well I'm not going to do that， it's just annoying， it's for girls， for teenage clothes， or whatever。

 it's not for me。， It is for you， right， it's for everybody because every single tool and every platform that we currently have is a chance for you to excel。

， Like Snapchat is a chance for you to master it and able to get a lot of good results from it。

 And what I say when people ask me， what's the best social media platform。

 it's not really about the platform， it's about an understanding the general principle behind social media。

， And the general principle is that kind of tank your economy style of way you want to look at it。

 right， the tank economy style simply means that that's what Gary van der Scherke came up with a term is basically give。

 give， give， give and give 10 times， 100 times before you can actually ask something back。。

 It's the concept of social capital， right， so people only respond， people only valid。

 even take you seriously into the daytime， if you're basically hammering them with really good things。

 like if you're， if you're improving their lives。， And in terms of like what actually platforms I would recommend。

 let's say your business owner right now， 100% Facebook and YouTube， like 100%。

 If you're not on Facebook and YouTube， you're just wasting your time。 Unless you're。

 even if your business is like selling refrigerators to a local city。

 I think there's value in being on Facebook in terms of retargeting。

 we can actually connect with your audience and target them directly with advertisement that visits your page。

， In terms of YouTube， if you do go on YouTube as a business who's selling refrigerators。

 for example， just like air conditioners or whatever。

 you're going to be the only one who's doing that。， And if you put a face next to the brand。

 people will actually trust you more， they'll be able to relate to you。 And that， I mean。

 all this works if you have an awesome product， if you don't have an awesome product。

 then that's your， obviously， your first problem。， Because marketing works only if the product is actually useful and good。

 but I'm assuming that you have a really good product。 And then I mean。

 there's genius ways how you can you snapchat， there's genius ways how you can Instagram。。

 But I would say main focus currently that I think that the social media is there are not going anywhere。

 because I mean， even snapchat Instagram， we can see that there's different kind of fluctuations in a sense of how much audience is there and which type of audience。

， And things like Twitter， we know that it's kind of in trouble right now。 Right。

 So I would really focus and double down on Facebook and YouTube as much as possible。。

 And make sure that really express your brand in a clever way to people remember you。 And as I said。

 you know， put a face there， right。 Put a face face has to be there。 Has to be a real person。

 Has to have a personality。， And if you see like what the big company is doing。

 I mean Gary Vanshik is a really good example。 He's a main media and it's him。

 He's making the sales for the company just by him being a very strong brand。。

 And of course they deliver the service and everything and they're probably flawless with that。

 But the idea is that he's on the social media platforms there to connect with people。。

 A CEO can relate to him。 And you don't have to be Gary Vanshik。

 You don't have to be like a fancy guy who like has all this knowledge。

 But you actually have to be able to say， hey， my product is good。， And say to the camera。

 like say it straight up in the camera and really tell people， well， look。

 I believe in what I'm doing and people will be able to relate to you。。

 And as soon as they be able to relate to you， if you run a business， I mean。

 now you're not just some kind of anonymous guy trying to take their money。。

 You're actually someone who is there， who is present， who is listening as well at the same time。

 Because what social media allows you， it's not just press， publish， just publish， publish， publish。

 no， it's allowed you to listen。， And that's a big tool。

 I think most people are looking at social media just like push， push， push。

 it's really about listening。 And when you're present in social media， you're actually listening。

 And that tells people， okay， these people care。， And caring， that's the factor。

 that's the bottom line at the end of the day。 The brand， that the company。

 the person that cares the most about the individual， about the organization， about the company。

 about the product， about in the end， about someone else。， That person is going to win。

 Because caring is a factor you cannot buy。 You cannot buy caring。

 It's kind of the attitude you have where you don't have。

 And I think that's where social media can really separate you from someone else。

 is really that factor that you can show people that you care。。

 And when you show people that you care， I mean， that's like 95% of the obstacles that are usually in place to prevent people。

， Like， that people put in front， okay， I'm not going to buy that。 It's just going to go away。 Right。

 That's that's caring factor。 And that's what we did with RSD。， Because we made ourselves available。

 And you can hit us up on every social media。 There's always going to be someone replying to you。

 There's always going to be someone there for you。， And if you're taking a bootcamp。

 you're going to be instructed， taking care of 100%。 Like every little thing that's happening。

 we're on top of that。 And that's just the way it is。 Like。

 you have to set that high standard or having otherwise the industry to market will just not take you seriously at all。

， Definitely。 RSD is always so obsessed with the pickup quality being super high in terms of the content to release and everything。

 And one of the cool things I think that's going on is that you always have your ear to the ground。

 you're always listening to what the people are saying， what are their messages。。

 Not just within the RSD group， but outside of it。 One of the things that we've talked about earlier was about how you're really trying to focus on not just like everyone。

 but a particular kind of niche。， I remember that we were having a situation where we were doing with craziness in terms of the media attacking us。

 And you were able to kind of have your ear to the ground because so many people were not even knowing what a bootcamp was。

， And what RSD was about。 And they were just saying crazy things about us and posting crazy things。

 editing our videos and taking jokes and just doing that and kind of explaining it to other people as if they're serious。

， And I think that although how he controversial and extremely tense。

 you're able to navigate us through that situation and process。

 And I'd like to talk to you a little bit about that as well。， Yeah。

 I think that that situation is very， very unique。 I don't think a lot of companies or individuals or anybody else in this planet will have the chance。

， I would say even the fortune to actually experience something like that because we survive it and we actually grew much。

 much more。， Even though I wouldn't even say despite that。

 but I'd say cause of that because it really made our structures a lot stronger。。

 When we realized basically how the world works。 And sometimes the only way you can realize how the world works if you actually end up in a situation like that。

， And that was 2014 if I'm not mistaken。 And it was quite interesting to see how how skewed the public can be like how you can actually manipulate public opinion very fast。

 which is kind of interesting。， And it taught us valuable lessons。

 And when we listened to our audience， to people on the ground who actually know us， we're like。

 okay， everybody was shocked。， Everybody's like， okay， why is this happening？ Nobody understands。

 But it's just the power of viral marketing。 If done properly， you can easily。

 easily be seen and be listened by the entire planet。， If you have the message that is， I mean。

 in this scenario， the message was obviously false。

 And that teaches you that it's not really about the actual message is true or not。。

 But it's about a particular type of content that you can actually just influence and pretty much make it toxic to a whole big audience。

 which is like millions and millions of people。， And I think with us。

 what we did really there is we stood our ground。 Like we stood grounded and we didn't buckle。 Right？

， So we didn't buckle。 We had our structures in place with our servers。

 but all this bullshit that was happening。， We knew that the effect was just temporary because we had our ear to the ground。

 We knew， okay， this is just one of those things that people are just like obsessed with one day and the next they didn't forget it because the new next thing just came up。

， It's like the next flashy thing。 It's like a scandal， blah， blah， blah， blah， blah， blah。。

 Next day， the new scandal， just you get forgotten。 And if that's what we anticipated。

 and that's what really would happen because the problem that the person has who is like lying and manipulating and trying to do this is that they're not coming from a place of power。

， They're coming from a place of force。 There's this book called Power versus Force。

 which Tyler recommended me to check out how I recommend all the guys who are actually watching this to read the book is that when you're coming from a place of power。

 where you know that your message is 100% correct， accurate， moral。

 100% value giving and live enhancing。， You don't have to worry。

 because eventually the people who have force， it's like Gandhi versus the Britain Empire。

 Eventually he's going to win。， It's like just because he's coming from a position of power。

 He doesn't need to force anything。 Eventually the power will win。。

 That's what happened with us because you can only lie so far。 You can just go like that all the way。

 And we just realize， well， okay， this is done。 This is over。， We'll hope for it。

 Learn a good lesson。 Learn a couple of interesting things with server management where you host your websites。

 It's a valuable lesson。， A lot of interesting stuff， especially with Julian and Max。

 who also heavily involved with that。， I mean， it's thought of a lot of good stuff。

 Especially as a co-founder or a company， you're like， oh shit， how did we do this？

 It's kind of fascinating。 But it's really not that we're doing something that is just so powerful。

 not powerful。， It's just a sense that the audience， the people， can easily be manipulated。

 It's such a fascinating realization when you make that。 You can change the world with one tweet。。

 And that also is good because you can actually send a good message and spread it out like that as well。

 So it's kind of an interesting kind of revelation to us。。

 Because if we have a really strong message， our message is usually go viral。 I mean。

 if you look at our motivational videos， if you look at scholars' channel， like his videos。

 for example， has a million and millions of views。。

 And you can easily use the same principles we learned from there to apply them to spreading our good message。

 So it's kind of like， I guess there's no mistakes。 It's always a learning experience。。

 Let's say we got out of it pretty much stronger and better than ever。 Well， this has been great。

 Mario。 I'd like to wrap it up with just some of your final thoughts。。

 Would you like to share to members of RSD Founders Club？， Yeah， I mean， you're in a part right now。

 You're a part of a community。 You're a part of a big， big community around the world。。

 And what I would really want to tell everybody here is that don't hesitate to reach out。

 Like that's one big thing that I see with with guys is that in all the communities that we work with。

 built around the world， is you always have guys who are like， OK， this guy is going to do it。。

 I'm going to wait for him。 I would say connect because every single person is a part of this program that you're watching right now。

 Every single person inside of this program where you're on the same Facebook group。 Reach out。

 connect， ask each other questions。， Like， OK， what are you up to？ What are you doing？

 What are your projects？ What are you working on？ You will be surprised。

 You will be 100% surprised what opportunities will come out of that。 That's how I started。。

 I was a part of this public Facebook group。 It's 200 people。 And I was like， OK。

 is anybody making money online？ Is anybody doing anything？ Because I'm broke。 I want to learn this。

 I want to learn the skillset。 I'm pretty good at， let's say this。 I want to learn that。。

 A couple of guys reached out to me。 One guy reached out to me and he was actually working with RSD。

 All of a sudden I'm working with RSD as well。 It just blew up my whole life and I totally unexpected direction。

 Currently at the moment I was supposed to be in a village earning 300 dollars a month and driving to work two hours and two hours back every day and living with my parents。

， Think about that for a second。 That's just the fact that I made a couple of posts。

 I made myself just there and available。 I just pushed and pushed and pushed for connecting。。

 I managed to get in a situation that I'm right now。

 I think that every single person in this program is watching this。 You're there。

 You're at a point where you can just simply message people， connect。， Here's my skill。

 What are your skillset？ This is a mastermind。 This is not like Mario Mine。 This is not Nick Mine。

 This is not anybody's mind。 This is a mastermind group that you have on Facebook for example。。

 Take advantage of that。 Share your thoughts。 You will be surprised when other people who are doing similar things。

 they are like， oh yeah， I'm doing the same thing。。

 We're all thinking we're unique snowflakes but there's always someone who is actually doing a little bit of one step ahead of us or someone is like。

 oh yeah， I'm doing something similar。， Let's connect。 Let's share some ideas。

 I think that's the most powerful thing I can tell you because that's a catalyst。

 If you have a catalyst， your life will change overnight basically。。

 What's the most powerful thing that's kind of the most powerful thing that's kind of the most powerful thing that's kind of the most powerful thing that's used in the mastermind group。

， Absolutely。 I talk about the importance of mastermind groups and kind of the dissemination of how a mentoring process appears and masterminds together really help you all the time。

， We are very carefully looking at the Facebook and Telegram group and over this next 12 weeks as we develop the interviews for the RSC mastermind group。

 for the RSC instructors and RSC staff that we're interviewing as part of the mastermind mentors。。

 So if you guys， especially those of you who are platinum members。

 you're going to be with us the entire three months， have questions and topics and ideas。

 Trust that we're looking at this and we'll be influencing a lot of our videos here within our C Founders Club and their whole direction。

， Now I'm going to be taking my own brand channel and message and dissemination of RSC ideas and interests。

， So really stay in touch with me and stay active and Mario。

 thanks so much for taking time out of your day。 I know it's in the middle of the night right now in Croatia and I appreciate that。

 Cheers。。