# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：04.讲师如何领导他们的产品和计划_04. How Instructors Lead Their Products and Programs​​--十大赠品微信156066050

RSD Instructors had the unique freedom， to lead their own product， lead their own programs。

 and do so to create the best content， in any way they seem fit。。

 So much so that when I come to the RSD World Summit， and RSD Winter Summit。

 I honestly have no idea what they're going to say， when they publish a video， an article。

 even though I'm the CEO of the company， I have no idea what they said。

 until it's published until I watch the video， and I'm toy-fying with that。

 because we've chosen guys， that we trust completely。。

 Our guys are going out every night of the week， hitting the field。。

 These are guys that are always developing new content， and it's only from the field。

 can you truly develop content that really works。， Whether it's in business。

 whether it's in entrepreneurship，， whether it's in marketing， whether it's in developing。

 networking skills，， I truly only follow those people。。

 I seek the truth from those who also seek the truth。， Those who are going out there and trying。

 and practicing their trade。， Those are the only people you should learn from。。

 The deep philosophy that I have， and that's why when I looked for people to learn from，。

 people who are mentors，， these are the kind of people that I look for。， At the same time。

 I do appreciate a lot， of the theory of academia。， I'm always into it。。

 Especially because both my parents， were in academia， they're both educators。， However， within RSD，。

 because we have that strong field focus， that strong growth，。

 our content development grows way faster，， it's so rich way faster than our sales and our marketing。

， which is the exact opposite of almost every company out there。。

 It's the exact opposite in terms of， almost any company out there for any kind of product development。

， Our instructors are doing more R&D，， more finishing of a product， than we can even deliver on time。

， We have so much content，， we have to deliver so much of it for free。， And as a result，。

 it kind of does what a lot of gurus will say， is pushing that free line。。

 So that people will see how awesome our content is， and want to buy our paid products。

 because the free content is just so extraordinary high。， In fact。

 our free content is probably better， than almost all of our competitors。

 is best and the best of their paid content。， And our paid content is even better。。

 And this is how we're out competing the industry， on the curve of innovation。。

 But we're also doing it on a business ministry level， by having our business team。

 continually upgraded with smarter guys，， with better AV equipment。， I mean。

 in terms of just AV equipment alone，， we're spending hundreds of thousands of dollars a year。

 upgrading our gear，， getting to write teams in play， and then taking the time to manage the process。

 of adding high quality footage in Hollywood， and in mansion full video producers，， video editors。

 directors and tickticians， with all the right gear。， People that have been trained in feature films。

 and doing that the highest level entertainment。， We might even in the future create our own movie，。

 documentary or TV series。， It's so cool to have such interesting stories， on a film。

 thousands of hours a year recorded on video。， Literally from all over the world， great stories。。

 And this is why our programs are so innovative。， A lot of it comes from the influence of Tower。。

 Tower has always continually been upgrading。， It's apprised me every single year。

 I talk to the hand man。， He continually gets to that next level， with his intelligence。

 with his vision， with his mission， and staying on top of the product。

 and the business side of things。， It's great having a business partner like that。。

 We kind of call me cheddar strength and weaknesses， because when I first got into this，。

 we were both kind of the same creative types， where we are now。。

 It's more like he's more the creative guy， hitting the field and creating the curriculum。

 and development and I'm kind of into the business。， But the more I teach。

 the more I also get involved， with that creator side， the more he gets involved， business。

 the more he gets involved， with that vision and leadership。， And we're both smart people。。

 Both have very strong academic backgrounds， and field experience for working in businesses。

 and companies for a very long time。， And I think that another thing that's allowed our instructors。

 to kind of lead their products， is the massive interaction， massive time。

 that they spend with clients for content。， I know for a fact that a lot of the program。

 that I have to deliver to with you guys， is from the feedback that Tower sought。

 when he was asking people，， what would you like to see from Papa？。

 What would you like to learn from the founder of RSD， and the CEO of the company？。

 And most of the stuff I'm talking about today， has come from the questions and feedback。

 that he got from RSDation from his Facebook post， and from asking questions directly with clients。。

 And I think that's awesome。， I met a lot of clients。， Myself， I've had a lot of parties。

 just to interact with them。， I've traveled around the world。

 holding free seminars all over the world。， Just to get to know our clients。。

 And even after my seminars，， I invite them out for dinner or lunch。， So we can hang out them more。

 and find out what they're true or interested in。， I think that the sharing of ideas。

 as an instructor mastermind，， we organize an instructor conference today， where people share ideas。。

 And we try to do that on a very frequent basis。， And we've kind of have done it sporadically more recently。

 because everyone's launching so many props， and schedules are so difficult。。

 But at least we try to get people together more often。。

 We used to have it so that even so that we had every six months。

 we'd organize the executive retreat， where all the instructors were invited to go to a random place。

 like a villain to sound the France。， To get a big house and ask them for the X games。。

 Or to go on a tour around the Greek islands， or the Italian coast。。

 And these things just to socialize， and hang out each other and hit the field with each other。

 really helped us develop a mastermind's share stories， and build rapport。， We might。

 we probably are going to implement this once again。

 because it's been about five years since we've done this。， But Tower still does somewhat of this。

 every year by going in a height， and a polycoast and Hawaii。。

 It's one of the three most dangerous hikes in the USA。， And people die every year doing these hikes。

， But it allows you to develop rapport， and this is our duty of an instructor mastermind。。

 I think it's healthy for any mastermind， to do these kind of things though。。

 Each instructor we have has developed his own style。， I think it's really cool to see that。。

 You have guys who are really into the physical game of things。。

 You have Tower who kind of tracks every possible customer。。

 You have other guys who are really into intellectual side。

 and other guys who are more interested in sharing， like a cinematic style of teaching and coaching。

 and doing that in really high quality videos。， But whatever their style is，。

 they attract a certain amount of our fans。， I think it's really cool to do that。， And as a team。

 as opposed to just me and Tower teaching，， we're able to hit a lot of people。

 and influence a lot more people， and now allow us to have a bigger， and better global influence。。

 I think that if we were just me and Tower，， we might have someone of that。。

 But by having a large and powerful mastermind team，， all of them extremely talented，。

 it allows us to do so much more。， We have had the best video teams as well。， So I mean。

 if you have a look， at what we are doing at our summit，， you'll see， let's go from a situation。

 where you had these small camcorders， that you could buy for like two， three hundred dollars。。

 And now you'll see us carrying cameras that will cost us， two， three， five。

 ten thousand dollars or more， with all the gear combined。。

 And having each team have maybe three to a half a dozen， or more of these cameras。

 and people falling around every night，， three man crews。， We used to have the football crew。

 where the football was considered the camera。， Hidden and bad go through covert missions。

 for infield videos。， And when people saw a bouncer。

 or a potential threat to someone trying to spot the camera，， grab the camera，。

 you would pass the football to a runner。， And they're running away with the camera。。

 And sometimes you get caught with the camera， and then you have to go to the business owner。

 or I even gone to court。， Got the camera back。， There's nothing we're enjoying that's illegal。

 but people are wondering why you're recording them。。

 And we've run everything by your legal to do so。， But we've shared only the best of the best videos we have。

 and create these videos。， It takes a mass amount of time， of recording in 4K。。

 We're downgrading it to 1080p。， We have the highest quality of new kind of things。

 where even shooting more recent videos in 360。， It's always the cutting edge。。

 And I think it's really cool to see， how far we're coming with this video production。。

 It's the cinematics。， And RST has always been about two things。， One is education。。

 Two is entertainment。， Education purposes what we hope people will away follow。。

 But unless you engage people's imagination，， they won't really say fasting。

 and long enough to follow what we're talking about。， We want people to learn to stay engaged。。

 We have to educate and entertain。， That's why there's so much humor and craziness。

 and love our teachers and trainings。， Our corporate administration，， and Tilly shares ideas，。

 there's always future being talked about。， We have a lot of guest speakers。

 that come and train our instructors before the summit。， Usually someone actually has more of a time。

 to actually train our instructors。， And we're about to organize share-and-tell days。

 even with tower， mean at our C-level executives， that are chiefs and share the inside scoop。

 of what's going on in corporate as a share-and-tell。。

 And also a chance for instructors to share-and-tell， all the recent innovations that we work on。

 for teaching。， We used to do that on our Struck and Call of a Month。。

 And also in terms of video production。， And it's really cool to see the development。

 of how far we've come。， I really look forward to seeing， how far we're going to come。。

 You're further in the future。， RST was created in 2002。。

 And it's been well over a decade since we've developed this。， And the technology， the innovation。

 everything， is growing at such a rapid speed。， I really look forward to seeing what's going to happen。

 in another decade from now。。