# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：3数百万年轻人的心态_03. Mindset of a Young Multi-Millionarie​--十大赠品微信156066050

我 wanted to talk to you about the mindset of being a young millionaire， or a young multi-millionaire。

 because a lot of people will wonder，， you know， what am I thinking？， Like。

 how do I view the world differently， now that I've had a lost assess。

 and kind of became just like a self-made guy， even though I also had a lost support。

 from various other people， I built this company from the ground up。

 I've been from a situation where I had nothing， and built something out of it。

 without relying on anyone else， to get to where I am， nowadays I rely on a lot of people。

 nor to stay where I am， maintain my position， but I want to talk to you about the mindset of some of my beliefs。

 and it's not necessarily to believe so either， or the beliefs of any other people。

 I want you to tell them， tell or tell you the clients， some of the things that I believe in。

 just so you guys could get to know me better and understand like how I think， the first thing is。

 that I believe that， I will never fail。 I kind of like know it deep down。

 at the same time I'm willing to lose it all， I'm willing to take the risk to lose it all。

 but I have the network and knowledge that I know that。

 even if I kind of feel like I'm losing it all， I'm not going to fail completely。

 I won't always get back up and push further， am I not always like it right？， I'll make errors。

 but in terms of when I say I'll never fail， what I mean is I'll never be destroyed。

 I will always have things that I can bounce back from， I can if you take away。

 all of my material possessions and power， just off my knowledge alone I can build up pretty quickly。

 if I have my knowledge and my network， the relationships and friendships I have。

 people who will have my back， even if the worst things happen in my life。

 worst things that could possibly happen in my life happen。

 I can easily build back all my material possessions， very quickly and very easily。

 in a matter of days if not weeks， I also trust the talent of my team， the people I work with。

 I have deep trust， I believe so full hearted in the skill set， so my team be able to work together。

 with each other successfully to accomplish their goals。

 now I'm willing to risk my entire family's wealth， estate and everything I have on it。

 because I know that my team will be successful， course that only happens when you actually do have a team。

 that you can completely trust fully， because you've vetted them fully。

 I also have extremely strong family and friends， and I believe staying loyal to them。

 and their interests will keep me safe， by being that guy who has the back of your friends。

 more than anything else， you have that social protection that barrier that shield。

 that's why no matter what happens， your friends who should really be viewed as your family。

 if they really are your friends， you got to have their back， if they don't have that same belief。

 they're not really your family， they're not really your friends。

 but as long as they still have that belief in you， and you still share that belief in them。

 you will have a stronger protection， than anything else can be had。

 I know gangs and mafia organizations， try to do the same thing， that's where they view it as family。

 and when they betray the family， they get assassinated。

 in the real world that doesn't really happen， in most business and social circles。

 and doesn't happen in my social circle， but what they will have is they'll be cut out of my network。

 that's a huge value， so I think that cutting out all non-friends。

 those guys who might be even considered enemies， or enemies， cutting out all negativity。

 will massively change your life， and it has massively changed my life。

 by cutting out those people that will slow me down， slow down my mental energies。

 slow down my mental purpose， my physical purpose， my success and add barriers in my life。

 people that will drain me， or resources in time， I cut those people out。

 I don't view those guys as my friends， I view those guys as leeches。

 as people that shouldn't be around me， and when people betray you。

 you gotta be ready to cut those people out， that's why when people have problems in relationships。

 which is the mass of betrayal， most of the time it ends。

 because it's a natural instinct to wanna do this， at the same time I'm very forgiving。

 very understanding and very open mind and non-judgmental。

 so if there's a basic premise of real loyalty， I'll take consideration of that。

 however you gotta be ready to quickly do this， and another core value that I have。

 is that learning and knowledge is king， I've said many times I invest hundreds of thousands of dollars。

 over a hundred thousand dollars a year and more， on my education。

 and ideally on education of the people who are my friends and family， people who are co-workers。

 nothing is more powerful than education， that's why I believe that RSD is person-formos in education company。

 we're a publishing company， yes we're a pick-up-bars company but mostly we're an education company。

 because education is the most powerful thing on the planet， sharing knowledge and sharing。

 even though all the knowledge is usually out there for free on Google。

 sharing really powerful knowledge and insights， that are organized in the matter to save you the time resources。

 that you need， is probably the most powerful thing on the planet。

 that's why people who have access to the intelligence。

 the military intelligence or high power business intelligence。

 will take advantage of that and make massive changes in the world， now money provides security。

 money gives you a sense of happiness because you have security。

 but only so that you meet your basic needs， and that you're not being threatened there。

 if I have a situation where I have， my basic needs being met like I know that my family is not being threatened。

 and I have enough money to survive and make ends meet， I can accomplish anything。

 I'll feel just as good， as if I， you know have like a billion dollars as if I have like a ten million dollars。

 if my basic needs to be met I'm just stable， in fact I'll probably relate。

 to billionaires as well as I will relate to a guy who's a millionaire。

 I'll relate to a guy who has a regular middle-class job， just as well as well。

 as long as that guy has a stable financial basic foundation， as life。

 and his overall cash is stable or growing， not just overall being lowered and。

 going into massive credit card debt like most people in the world。

 or at least most people in America， I think that promise a lot less internationally。

 because large amounts of money may be preferred， because you can live a larger grander life。

 you'd have a larger house， I've access to a lot more things。

 and I always talk about all different things， to get have access to if you had more money。

 but that's all it gives you， it doesn't necessarily change who you are as a person。

 how you interact with the world or your friends， and what you can gain in life。

 it gets you fans to your close， but sometimes it doesn't really matter。

 the most successful people I know， prefer to wear hoodies in a t-shirt。

 then wear suits to me a suit represents work， suit represents your in the field。

 hustling and putting in operations and stuff like that。

 but those people that are really really successful， under just showing。

 would rather wear what they're most comfortable in， or anyone else would be comfortable in。

 but have an explorer mindset， there's always more to share in life。

 there's always more people to meet， there's always more entertaining and fun adventures to explore。

 and have that explorer curiosity， so that you can explore the best in life， and try out new things。

 I believe that， no matter how old you get， there's always new things to learn。

 maybe I'll be different when I'm in my 60s or 70s， and I've seen so much of the world。

 but I believe that in that time and age， it'll be newer technology out there that entertain me。

 sometimes I prefer just to stick in my own rut and routine， go to the same familiar restaurants。

 do the same familiar things with my wife and my friends， and do that and that's totally fine。

 however， the mindset of a young multimillionaire， the mindset of a guy who's just fresh and vitalized。

 and ready to go， a lot of it relies on that explore mentality。

 and that open-mindedness and desire to see more of the world。

 and that exciting curiosity for more adventure， because。

 when you have what I consider a perfect life， a perfect life to me is defined as one that's surrounded with love。

 resources， safety and growth， love in a sense that you have， close friends and family。

 resources and since you have enough money just to， just to accomplish your goals。

 or grow towards accomplishing your goals， safety in a sense that's just a cure。

 financially not overall going down and， or at least you have， a game plan out of that situation。

 safety net is in case you were to fail financially， and growth。

 meaning that you're always improving upon yourself。

 not just in terms of money but through the education and knowledge that you take out。

 take a step towards， and invest in people， and I do automate your work and time and。

 money so it's your leveraging truly leveraging your time to work on things that can make the most impact。

 in your very very short life， a lot of the things that I try to do， is I try to find。

 those things that I enjoy the most even if it's just simple， simple things。

 and even if there's things that will cost money for other people to do for me， I'd rather。

 just enjoy those simple things those simple pleasures that I have in my life， because for me。

 those simple， small， personal pleasures that I have in my life， are more valuable to me。

 than spending time on things that cost money， so I always try to find people that I'm going to pay。

 to leverage my time because my time is more valuable。

 than any amount of money that I could ever make。