# 帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：1自律_01. Disciplining Yourself​--十大赠品微信156066050

 One of the biggest challenges that you have when you're in business。

 or in developing an ambitious social circle， is having the discipline within yourself。。

 One of the things that people continually say to me， is that I have that strong， singular focus。。

 Right， don't move onto the next thing。， I stay on top of things all the way to completion。

 and I continue to the next topic。， In fact， I know that so much that。

 I always am trying to complete one task。， Get out my plate as soon as possible。。

 Even though sometimes I have to be patient，， I have to wait because it's a process。。

 And sometimes oftentimes a learning process， and during that learning process， you have to wait。。

 And you have to take your time。， I'm so obsessed， though， with making sure that my time is used。

 valiantly and I move on to the next thing。， And that's why I'm like that。， But the challenge to do。

 it's an emotional struggle，， it's a mental struggle。， And that's why most people don't succeed。

 because the mastery process is not always fun。， There's also a lot of suffering。

 there's a lot of pain。， You have to push through that in order to go to the next level。， However。

 from that， you know that at the end of all your hard work，， there's a life to end the tunnel。

 there's a reward。， And you want to seek that reward and just push through it。。

 That's usually the difference between those people that are successful，， whether it's in school。

 work， or social，， whether it's in your dating life， or whether it's even being in the military，。

 but just pushing through。， See， a lot of people have that fear of failure。。

 I can be more powerful than anything else。， But other people， they don't。， They like fear。。

 They have what we call success barriers。， They don't want to do what it takes to move on the next thing。

， They are kind of satisfied with that mundane。， But I actually have always had that fear of failure forced onto myself。

， even if it wasn't something that I accidentally had。。

 I think a lot of people accidentally have fear。， It'll walk into a situation to be scared。。

 I remember when I first was involved with pickup。。

 I viewed approaching a random girl off the street，。

 especially if she was a beautiful girl as a really scary thing。。

 But I imagined in my head that the fear of me not doing it，， and that regret， and not knowing。

 was so painful。， I'd imagined a situation that was more painful，。

 like I would kick myself in the ass。， I would punch myself in the face like tired her from side of a fight club。

， Or I better approach this girl。， The imaginary alternative was so scary to me。

 that I actually just pushed myself to push forward to success。。

 That's one of the ways I did this point。， However， you also need to have the bright belief systems。。

 You need to know that anyone can accomplish whatever anyone else can， if you just stick to it。。

 There's a video I saw on YouTube，， and we'll Smith， the famous actor，。

 probably one of the highest paid actors，， if not the highest paid actor for movies， future films。。

 Said the only difference between him and the next guy， is that he's going to work harder，。

 and he's going to stick to pushing as hard as he can， until he gets his goal accomplished。。

 And he says it in his combination of maybe like 50 interviews。

 is him saying the same thing in different ways。， And I'm very。

 very firmly believe in this exact same thing。， You got to have that endurance。， I also， you know。

 I remember that in the American Constitution， or Bill Wrights。

 or some kind of founding fathers in the country， had this phrase that said，。

 everyone on the planet is created equal。， And when I was a kid， I used to listen to that，。

 and I assumed that I wasn't in terms of equal rights。， It was actually in terms of your skill sets，。

 in terms of your potential。， And for the most part， even though it might not be actually。

 exactly true， it is true。， There isn't even playing field for almost anything。， You know。

 if you look at the mental capacity of most people，， almost everyone is about the same。。

 But the difference between one guy and the next guy，。

 is you don't know what's putting that extra work。， Now， physically， some people may think，， okay。

 well， there's other things that may make it more challenging，， like fighting。

 and they had to wait for the mits。， I mean， they got to have a handy caps，。

 because obviously there is physical things。， But I won't look at other things like Sumo。。

 I had a friend who was in Sumo wrestling，， and he's like a small guy， he's like 160 pounds，。

 and he was Sumo wrestling against guys， that are literally twice his weight，， and actually winning，。

 is because you could push the weight of the other guy off， and win。。

 It's amazing that you could do stuff like that。， But I actually view that as an analogy for how business life。

 success all could work as well。， If you just figure out a way to do it， there's always a way。。

 I always liked the idea of discipline，， because I probably had a very strict family。。

 It was extremely disciplined。， And I always viewed success， especially in academics，。

 because it was a measurable， objectionable thing， when you got graded as something that was useful。。

 It's a one of the things that got me was when I was first in college，。

 I was doing the exact opposite。， I was just parting really， really hard for one year straight。。

 I was doing that every single day， literally。， And people viewed me as parting all day long，。

 as if the party never stopped，， and I was literally doing that，， going out， drinking。

 hanging out with friends all day long。， And yet， right after that school year ended，。

 I joined the Air Force ROTC。， And now I was doing military Jody runs，。

 where I was hiking and running and training，， doing drills， stay focused。。

 And I remember we would run in step in pace。， And Jody's are like songs，。

 where you're saying a certain cadence to your songs，， like going on a mission destination unknown。。

 I don't know when I'm ever coming home。， Left， left， right， left， left， left，， keep it in step。。

 And stuff like that， just doing that while I was working out。， And I like things like that，。

 because it was just like some kind of a routine，， to push things forward。。

 And then you had people that were using the same kind of diligence， under a physical routine，。

 and using it for the mental routine，， the leadership，。

 and a lot of the skills I learned in the military，， were a base upon leadership discipline，。

 and that discipline to stay focused physically，， is something that also allows you to stay sharp。。

 Mentally， this is the same mental game，， it's the same mind game。， Even in Boy Scouts， you know。

 I was in Eagle Scout，， and I used to go on long hike。， I did a 20 mile hike up a mountain，。

 a place called Pyramid Peak，， where in order to protect yourself， from the massively powerful winds。

， you had to build a rock nests to protect you。， And unique things like that，。

 just to see how far you could push your body physically，， for me was an analogy，。

 for how I'd want to live my life，， and how I wanted to push things to the next level。。

 That's also why I got really attracted to Marathons， along the distance athletics。。

 When I was doing my World Tour，， I was trying to see the city，， going to every day。

 a different city。， Every month， I was still trying to organize some kind of event。。

 Iron Man Trap Lawn，， a full Marathon，， Smarf Trap Lawn，， 5K Runs。， I do it all the time every month。

， just to show to instructors，， because I wanted to leave by example and say，， look。

 if I could do this tour，， and I could stay physically on top of my game，。

 and you should not be complaining at all，， because I'm doing basically twice。

 as to what I'm expecting you guys could do。， But at the same time， my instructor is now。

 creating a massive amount of content。， Because it also is a amount of time， where you need to relax。

， play the game， have a lot of fun，， and learn， and share those ideas，， and our guys are doing that，。

 and taking it to a whole new level。， But I mean， I'm looking back，。

 I'm looking back even at my failures，， and I learned a lot from them。。

 I learned a lot from my learning lessons，， because when I look at those things。

 that have caused me pain and anguish，， those things where I truly failed，。

 like those times when I tried to pick up a girl， and didn't， or I was dating a girl。

 and had a massive failure，， or I tried to take a certain business tactic，。

 and it led to me losing a ton of money。， Those are all lessons I learned from，。

 because there's a slight modifications，， those little things that make it work，。

 or some modifications to those things that made it fail，， that would make it work。。

 And those things that happen when it does work，， it oftentimes can work in a very big way。。

 If you look at RSD，， we can continually tinkered with our infrastructure， and growth。

 and how much we invest in a budget，， and how we clarify expectations，， and how we teach，。

 and these small little tinkering， changed things again and again and again。， Earlier today。

 I interviewed a guy in Mr。 Game Theory，， and now is his nickname from when he was a competitive。

 tournament player for the game，， Civilization， which is kind of like a tactical game。

 similar to chess。， And like tactics and strategy like chess， and things like civilization，。

 because a lot of the social dynamics， trying to figure out the puzzles，， how to pick up a girl，。

 or feeling that the puzzles of how to build an awesome social circle。。

 A lot of it comes from thinking a few steps in advance，， or what other person is going to say，。

 what other person is going to do， just like in dating。， You kind of have to like，。

 guesstimate a lot，， but from personal experience and from routines， and from a reference experience。

， you could actually get quite right。， He wrote a book that was talking about a philosophy。

 believing that life could be fair，， believing that everyone who lives life。

 will die with the equal level of happiness and pain。， And I kind of like that view，。

 because a lot of people， will have a lot of pain in their life，。

 and they won't know and see that life at the end of the tunnel，， where there will be success。。

 And if his theory is true， that's great。， Now， I don't really believe in a theory。

 until it's completely put into practice， and I have complete evidence。。

 But I love studying theories， when I know that there could be a way。

 to get things to kind of balance out in your life，， and it makes sense for me。， For example。

 one of the theories I learned from， Stephen Covey was the idea to control your emotions，。

 or as you should be living a principal-sare life， as opposed to a focus on money。

 or a focus on some other， ancillary thing。， And these theories， although are not necessarily proven。

， just like how religion isn't proven，， having a strong belief，， this nut you believe in， I think。

 is very important。， And it also could help you have that discipline。

 and that's the point that you need， and that hard work， I think。

。