# 谜男方法：1

 prettier 例如臥品 心工作 御職節めて，i'm true 這些沒什麼，我们坦克獨儉我又有一片，這樣的 會不會會再 be interrupted，好，let's get started。

妳不能接受牠 帶な牠的natural，妳生病原capeort的信物不可以乗，妳不會變配，做一型的成型，使 belt 的入ask，量力，多重FFfel，說不定，立即，但我們 flood，角色，而多是。

系統，借口，順口，正好，但盒红，只有，再可以，非常有大量，戾觸，反而比女的，成型，表現， Brown，是，我們，5，V，同時，說，未啦，得意，得也іч，好了，去了，小怪，了七歲，小弟，之前，看對吧。

小弟，二輪， explanations，董事agle，肉， axel，婆，王，鬼，好了， in other words， what happens on the day two。

 How do you get a woman from one physical location。

 like the attraction location or the meeting location。

 and then how do you move from there to the comfort building location。

 How do you move from the comfort building location， finally to the seduction location。

 there are a series of tactics， tools， and gambits。

 that we can use to get from a location to location， most people when they get into this game。

 they think that it's all about approaching one woman， There's the girl。

 I'm going to now approach her and I'm going to make my moves on her， and hopefully she'll like me。

 this is not how this game is run， by the end of these three days。

 you're going to go through a lot of stress， it'll be good stress。

 it'll be like jumping out of an airplane， pretty much， and you're going to do it so many times。

 that while you'll never grow truly accustomed to it。

 you will learn to deal with the emotions that take place， you know what they tell you。

 it doesn't matter what you say， but that doesn't mean you can say anything。

 it means you can choose any of the routines you have already hardwired into your head。

 that's what that means， you're going to have so many openers， four or five openers。

 you're going to need many of them， not because you're just going to stack them in a row。

 an opener is a routine too， so if you have it in your head you might as well use it in your set。

 what happens if you have to forward merge， you need to be ready for it。

 what happens when an interrupt comes in， it's almost like a forward merge。

 you need to handle the interrupt and you need a new opener for that person， so you will need to get。

 like I have maybe five openers in my head that I use regularly， and they are all non-sequitor。

 one of them is how tall are you， another one is my black nails， first impression black nails。

 there's nothing to do with each other， another one is have you ever seen the movie poltergeist。

 you think it's based on reality or fiction， I don't mean Caroline stuck in the TV， that's it。

 that's my opener， it's a small little piece， and then I stack forward。

 hey let's try an experiment for shits and giggles， think of a number in your mind from one to four。

 the first time the pops in your head got it， don't say it just picture it， three。

 most people pick three， you say pick a number from one to four， it's psychology。

 and it's a great bit， then I can look at them and say， I want you to think of a different number。

 this time from one to ten， the first time the pops in your head， you got that。

 notice how I do this from one to ten， the first number pops in your head， popping it about， seven。

 when I say think of a number from one to four， the first number pops in your head， you got that。

 it's three， think of a different number this time from one to ten。

 the first number pops in your head， you got that， seven， and then the showmanship of。

 you know looking at your eyes， what I do is I multiple thread that routine。

 I'll say think of a number from one to four， the first number pop in your head。

 don't tell me you got that， good， what he got going for， and then he looks，我 diamond need，哦！。

 corner，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x9，x11，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10。

x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10，x10。

x10，x10，x10， inquiry older，让我们起来会票，姿势，qu Portal，汤，郁，郁，郁，陈，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁，郁。

 each and every one of you has to convey a personality， that personality has to be the travel leader。

 if you could put yourself， 99 other person for 50 members on island。

 would you naturally be the leader？， a woman's brain is hardwired，这艘内容不懂而泛遥，你想乘的时候， bc 会受过性能 aware。

是缤抑，感觉，感觉，感觉，感觉，感觉，感觉，感觉，感觉，感觉，感觉，3 seconds that will buy you the next 15。

that will buy you the next minute and a half，that will buy you the next 3 minutes。

that will buy you the next 15，ok， so the first 3 seconds very very important。

 A lot of guys have fidgety movements when they open。

 and the problem with them is that you're not aware that you're doing them。

 because they're expressions of nervous energy， and one thing that I used to do is I would go into set。

 and I'd be holding a drink because he used to drink。

 and I'd be ramming my straw into my drink when I go into set。

 and the problem with it was that I wasn't consciously aware that I was doing it。

 so I'd go into the set， hey guys I need a female if any， whatever， you're out， ok。

 everyone has these nervous ticks， if you feel approaching anxiety especially。

 another common one is playing with your hands， I know a lot of guys will do this thing。

 moving around a lot on your feet， what I'm going to say is when you're in set。

 especially in the beginning of the set， don't move， if you're going to do body rocking。

 and it's a calculated thing and you're doing body rocking， cool， otherwise don't move around。

 you'll have this urge to kind of do this thing， while you're in the set。

 you know the point of body rocking is to make them feel like you're actually on your way out。

 to make them constantly feel like you're leaving， and you're not really。

 you're not really going to stay， but sort of just fidgeting and moving around in set doesn't do that。

 it just makes you look nervous and lowers your social value， so don't do it， go into your set。

 do not face the set when you open it with your body， first， social proof， now what we mean by this。

 quite simply is， I wanted to know that my last girlfriend was an exotic dancer。

 I wanted to know that my last girlfriend was drop fucking gorgeous， I wanted to know that I've。

 that I'm publicly known for， for having dated some of the most beautiful women in the world。

 and I do not apologize for that， that's what I wanted to know， I got to say that。

 I have to throw that into stories， I don't want to just say。

 yeah I like throwing in and I don't apologize for that， because that's just who I am。

 you don't like it fuck yourself， and I'll throw that into。

 you know because that's a that's a disqualifier， you know if you don't like that fuck yourself。

 okay， fake it to you make it， fake it to you make it if necessary。

 okay if you haven't had an exotic dancer girlfriend， but you want one。

 better damn will tell her that you've been with one before， because then you become。

 totally pre-selected and socially proofed， yeah my last girlfriend was an exotic dancer， you know。

 I mean if this guy if we haven't met him before and he says he's a virgin。

 we're gonna believe him and we're gonna lower his value。

 but if he says that his last three girlfriends were exotic dancers。

 and that he's a DJ at a strip club， we're gonna believe him。

 and his value will somehow be like well this guy's getting late， you know。

 if what if I told you that this guy here is part owner of a nightclub。

 this value goes up doesn't it， just by words， part owner of nightclub， five words raised his value。

 this is what we want to do we want to embed things into our stories。

 so the first thing is social proof and I will you， I will trigger this social proof thing。

 or what we call the pre-selections switch， many fucking times。

 I'll do it in a story by saying you know this one time。

 my this is my ex girlfriend now that she was an exotic dancer， and I was doing， a stage shows。

 so I had a gig down in Miami， and she wanted to work in Miami。

 because you know this is a lot of good money to be made， in Miami for an exotic dancer。

 so we decided we're gonna drive down and you know， go for two weeks。

 so she had just paid off her Camaro， 23 grand just paid off the whole thing， in cash。

 and we decided to head down in her car， well you know both her and I。

 we're notorious for having a high sex drive， you know I'm not going to apologize for this。

 we're on our way down， and you know we're going to have sex at least once twice a day， right。

 well it takes 30 hours to get from Toronto to Florida， so you know somewhere between there。

 someone's going to go down right， well where does it happen， I'm in the passenger seat。

 she's driving okay， it's about 130 in the morning， and we're in the middle of butts fuck nowhere。

 we're in like Georgia or some shit right， and she's like baby， mmm。

 and I'm like babe just keep driving， you know we're about an hour away from the hotel。

 right and we were just so slow， taking this trip right， she goes babe I want to give you a blowjob。

 I'm like babe， just keep driving okay， maybe if I were driving， it would make sense。

 but you're driving， and she goes no no， that's it I want you， so I go babe。

 we're in a highway in the middle of nowhere， and she goes I don't care。

 she just takes the next fucking exit， and it was like exit 151， you know like middle of nowhere。

 and we start driving down， this it was literally a dirt road， no lights nothing。

 and on both sides of this road， it went down， okay， into two cornfields， very thin little road。

 okay like a little farmers road， and we're driving down， forever we see no lights nothing。

 we're about maybe a mile and a half now， from the what is it， I 95， and at one point she says。

 babe I can't do this now， I'm like what do you mean， you know this reminds me of Jeepers Creepers。

 I've never seen the movie， so I'll just take your word， that it was funny。

 so she says I'm turning around， and like babe just keep going， we'll find a place to turn around。

 it's a very small road， with ditches on both ends， she goes no I'm turning around。

 this is a fucking Camaro， if you anyone who knows a Camaro。

 they have a very horrible turning radius， really bad， next thing you know。

 she's going you know like Austin Powers， or the middle of this， fucking little road。

 and she goes too far back， all of a sudden， boom， and there we are。

 the fucking lights are up in the air， okay， and we've just crashed back， into the ditch。

 and her muffler gets bent， and there's shit， literally shit， it was like a commoner。

 stuck up into it， and the engine goes out， and we're there， she goes oh my god， oh my god。

 oh my god， oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my baby， just relax okay， we got food。

 we got water， it was hot out， okay， it was like we were going to freeze the dead， or something。

 we'll solve this， just relax， so what ended up happening was， I， well I didn't get my blowjob。

 that's her one thing， no what ended up happening was， an ambulance drove by。

 it was a fucking ambulance， but an hour into this， okay， I said to her， look let's just crash here。

 and in the morning， we'll walk back， because she was afraid， to walk at night， and。

 the coyote is going to get us， from a fucking， like ET coming out of， you know， corn， so we。

 we end up， you know getting， getting these guys， it was just a group of guys， in an ambulance。

 they were driving， coming home from a party， or some shit， what was going on。

 and it didn't make sense to me， they came out， and they helped boost the whole car， and we got。

 you know， to our hotel， you know， in which case at that point， I got my blowjob， but really。

 that was， the blowjob I was supposed to get at that hotel， so you know， I'm missing a blowjob。

 so you better watch out， I'm pretty randy right now， and there's my story， now the idea of。

 throwing in， now again I won't throw in a blowjob story， unless I feel like， I can get away with it。

 okay， obviously I'm going to calibrate， if I think that it's going to be offensive。

 I'm not going to use it， all right， I'm socially savvy that way， however， you'll note。

 that when I talk about， the blowjob， I'm not trying to get this woman aroused， I'm not。

 to hate baby， I'm not trying to make her， all hot and horny， I'm just conveying。

 that I'm a sexual being， and I don't apologize for it， and that I have this hot， you know。

 this hot exotic dancer， Camaro， who owns a Camaro， we're going down， to Florida。

 she wants to give me a blowjob， and I'm like， well I'll explain， we'll get it， we'll get it。

 if I'm in a hurry， you see the kind of character， that I've just conveyed， within this story。

 also that I'm the man in charge， look， things are going to be okay， relax。

 and I'll take care of things， and that we got out of it， and everything was fine。

 nice little story to tell， now does that mean， you were going to tell this specific story？， no。

 because you didn't have， an ex-girlfriend， who was an exotic dancer， and a Camaro。

 this is a real story of mine， but if you want to fake it， use it for now。

 you know until you can swap it out， for something else， then by all means use it， okay。

 just please in six weeks from now， swap it out， have something else going for you， sorry。

 okay so that's an example， of a comfort building story， or of an attraction， based a two story。

 okay， demonstration of higher value， now the neat thing about that story also is。

 I don't necessarily have to say that， to my target， I could say it to the guys， take the hat off。

 lock her in， talk to the guys， it's boy talk， you know guy talk， you know， no， be a few minutes in。

 few minutes in， three， four， even five minutes in， you can use it in C1 as well， comfort building。

 you know， because remember sometimes when you are building comfort。

 you're sitting down with the whole group， you're not in isolation， with her， you know， by yourself。

 you've moved the whole group， or what if it's a two-set， it's a great story to tell， you know。

 and I'm not hitting on her during this story， all I'm doing is shooting the shit。

 but throughout this， this story， I'm embedding into it， key characteristics。

 there are six characteristics of an alpha male， I conveyed social proof， that I。

 I come pre-selected， I conveyed that within that story， for the tribal leader。

 she will find us attractive， how long does it take， three minutes， from meeting a girl。

 to making her realize， you're the fuck in tribal leader， you are not to be fucked with。

 and you will have every single guy， in that group， knowing that you are， like Joe Pesci。

 you're having fun， don't be， don't fuck with him， it may be just a posturing。

 it may be just an illusion， but one of the real truths about illusion is。

 the fear of illusion is real， there's an enemy concept， so you can create this illusion。

 I'm an illusionist， and you can create the role， that every woman finds attractive。

 they're hardwired to find attractive， you're the tribal leader， starting tonight。

 or at least tribal leader's friends， if you took 50 people， put them on an island。

 every possible contingency， and social interaction， that could take place。

 there can be no more interactions， other than with those 50 people， the type of coalitions。

 that take place， the sometimes one guy wants to leave， for his own faction。

 one guy is going to become the leader， our brains are evolution。

 early designed to live in a 50 person society， and that's why the woman， is going to automatically。

 find the male， who is the leader of men， attractive， because she'll improve her chances。

 of survival and replication， if she aligns with the tribal leader， and there's compelling evidence。

 to support， he can deliver those goods， if he's got lots of women around him， make sense？。

 you need to be the tribal leader， you need to demonstrate it， you need to say it in field。

 if it means you're saying， I'm actually the tribal leader of my group， she will respond to it。

 it is a very attractive thing， you know if you go to another city， like I'm in San Diego。

 if I were to say to a girl， oh yeah I'm planning on moving here。

 that is not nearly as attractive to her， if I said to her， I'm heading back to Vegas， in three days。

 counterintuitive， because you think by saying， hey I'm going to stick around。

 you think well that makes me a viable， boyfriend material， right？， nope。

 because as long as you're from an outside source， and you're leaving soon。

 you've got that time constraint， it increases your chances of， of mating。

 and then that will increase the chance， of you being able to come back。

 and continue this into a relationship， because then she's going to miss you。

 my girlfriends are not really bitches， they're just bitches to you， and they're only bitches。

 for the first few minutes， so we have a definitive way of solving it。

 but not coming in and trying to build rapport， we're trying to break rapport。

 and that's what Nick Theory is all about， I've even opened successfully， by doing this。

 but only on tense， so you go in， you're going to neg， the target， a neg is a way of disqualifying。

 yourself from appearing like， you are a potential suitor， it's a false， disqualifier。

 because if I were to say， too bad I'm gay or you'd be so my type， if I were to say that to the girl。

 loud enough for any of the males， or what we call the obstacles in this game， if they hear that。

 they're going to be disarmed， I can disarm them， merely by throwing a negative target。

 not only do I briefly lower her self esteem， and she wishes to redeem herself。

 and now the challenge is structured， that she will want to win me over， but more importantly。

 in a larger set， like a three set， I can throw it loud enough， so that the others can hear。

 that I have just said， something that is quite compelling， it's compelling evidence to support。

 that I'm not after her， if I say to this girl， our eight hands off， hands off is shitting for free。

 no it's going to cost you， five bucks every time you touch， you will see in field。

 that they will actually， want to touch you again， and again， and again。

 what if I'm starting a tab here， oh my god， you must be rich， and that kind of negging。

 is very playfully done， it's a playful statement， or a set of statements。

 that not only create the challenge for her， but again， the obstacles are disarmed。

 they know I'm not after her， okay hands off， oh my god， where's her off button， Jesus Christ。

 you know you can dress her up， can't take her anywhere， holy shit， how do you roll with her。

 and continue， of course you can't just say it， and wait for response， because they'll respond。

 by saying， you're an asshole， so instead you say， where's your off button， hey were you outside。

 not five minutes ago， did you see the fight， oh my god get this， stop interrupting， Jesus Christ。

 you keep interrupting your friend， how do you roll with her， so why was outside。

 and you don't allow her， to respond to the neg， the only attention the target， will get at first。

 is a neg， it's like popping her， on a forehead， otherwise she'd be bored， and she'll turn off。

 and walk， you know， talk amongst her other friends， that's right， it's done playfully。

 and negging is an art form， you'll hear disqualification theory， and neg theory。

 neg theory is how it began， it was a negative complement， those are really nice nails。

 are they real？， no？， oh， well they're still nice， perfect little， neg。

 again if you don't understand， what's going on here， that's the， that's the， that's the neg。

 the story， hey those are very nice nails， are they real？， no？， oh， I say it's the exact same time。

 every time， it works， that was the first neg I ever， used， a negative complement。

 but it's since expanded， to include things like， two-battery of gay， you'd be so my type。

 it's not a negative complement， but it still delivers， what it has to deliver， it disqualifies you。

 so negging really， is a form of， disqualification， so we've expanded， neg theory， into false。

 disqualification theory， which can include， you know what？， I am， I'm too toxic for you， you know。

 you wouldn't want to hang out with me， seriously， because you know how bad， how bad it would get。

 do you ever go to university？， did you go to university？， let's say you were in university。

 and you're third year university， and you got last year to go， I'd be the person to go， why bother？。

 you know I'd be so， toxic for you， it's not a good thing， that is， disqualification。

 now we call it false， disqualification theory， a neg is any false disqualifier， we just keep。

 we keep calling them， necks， because it's， a name that's ubiquitous， throughout the community。

 but the idea of a neg， is to falsely， disqualify yourself， by saying to bad， I'm gay。

 you'd be so my type， why is it a false disqualifier？， because later on， you're going to。

 have an antidote， to get rid of the， disqualification， like if you were to say， I'm， you know。

 don't get any ideas， you're married， with two children， you're really， locking yourself out。

 that's a disqualifier， a false disqualifier， is when you say， you know， too bad you're not my type。

 because you're， really pretty， dude， say that to a chick， it's a false disqualifier。

 I'm just going to try， to win her， or the gay one， you'd be so my type， five minutes later。

 I'll say， actually my brothers， the gay one of the family， these are black nails， I don't think。

 every emotion， is， existing， to assist you， to motivate you， to emote you， to do things。

 to improve your chances， of survival and replication， that's it， everything you do。

 is derived either directly， or indirectly， as a result of these emotions， that assist you in this。

 well girl has this too， now this is where， it gets fun， you can improve your chances。

 of survival and replication， if you can align， with other human beings， who have。

 survival and replication value， some guys， like aligning， with the tribal leader， for instance。

 will improve your chances， of getting late， why？， because， he has legitimate， value to these women。

 and anyone， who's in his， safety circle， is， you know， just as good， confidence， now。

 confidence doesn't have to be， embedded into the story， just telling the story， and being。

 congruent with it， you know， being up to speed， practice it a few， a couple of dozen times。

 is enough， you look confident， I'm telling the story， and if she says， oh my god， I'm like。

 get a life， and I continue the story， you know， if they go， oh my god， a blowjob， oh I'm like。

 what you've never， given a blowjob， please， to bed you're not my type， and the continue， you see。

 that makes them， come chase you， does that make sense， did you see it in field， is this grounded。

 in your mind， I hope， not yet for you， you're just like， don't fully get it yet， it's okay。

 we've got two more nights， you'll get it， you have to get it， I have this， lead no man。

 behind attitude here， none of you， none of you， are going to， go home and say， you know。

 I want you guys， late in the next six weeks， doing this stuff， okay， by hottie， if possible， women。

 want to align， with a man， to improve her， chances of， surviving， replication。

 and there are certain， men to choose from， she can choose anyone， any guy， any guy can help。

 her replicate， it's easy， but not every guy， can help raise the kid， not every guy can。

 help protect her， when you're beautiful， a lot of guys， actually vie for you， you get hit on five。

 ten， fifteen times a day， and she needs a man， to help protect her， when she doesn't have a man。

 she'll take two or three， of her friends out， to protect her， her female friends， but ultimately。

 she wants a boyfriend， it's going to take care of her， it's less threatening， you know。

 life is pretty threatening， for a hot girl， it really is， you know， I have to protect my girls。

 you know， like my current girlfriend， on you， I got a protector， she goes out to a public。

 gathering， she is a very beautiful girl， this girl gets attention， you know， and she's racked。

 you know， bangin， I have a crush on my own， I have a great fucking feeling。

 well I got to protect this girl， and that protection， is value for her， she's going to align。

 with anyone， that can legitimately， raise her chances， of SNR， so while we have male friends。

 hanging out with my， wing， style， increases my chances， of survival， and replication。

 it really does， it helps me with survival， to the point， that he gives me， valuable information。

 he assists me， one time， about two years ago， he loaned me， $3，000， he got me， completely。

 out of a problem， that I had dealt with， and never went into that， situation again。

 solved my problems， but that was a real， friend， I owe him one for that， since then。

 I've helped get him， late， you know， by two sisters， haha， so， we have legitimate value。

 for each other， we trust， the reason why I want， to take the time to bring， all this up。

 is to show you， that it's not about attraction， which is， mind-boggling to me， this game， is about。

 SNR， you're a biological machine， designed to survive， and replicate， and you wish to align。

 with other people， who will assist you， in your survival， replication， that's it， and women。

 have more replication value， than survival value， I get my buddies， I got four of my buddies。

 to roll with me， I got my girl， for replication， that's the reason for it， but for a woman。

 she can have any dick， that's truth， I'm shooting from the hip， I'm playing in the field。

 this is real life stuff， you know， I'm out， for nights a week， at least， so guys， will come in。

 and they'll be like， hey guys， what's happening is， when you're facing， someone with your body。

 that means you're， seeking rapport， with them， the person who's seeking rapport， is a low value。

 behavior， and so you don't want to be， the one who's seeking rapport， and it's the same。

 with alpha males， when other guys are around， if he's the one， he's sitting here talking。

 and you're facing him， looking at him， and he's not looking at you， then he has more。

 social value than you do， so you want to arrange， yourself to， where you're not， really facing him。

 at first， and when you open the set， I'll open the set， from the side， like this， one thing。

 that I'll do， that I said last night， is， sometimes I'll do， because you don't， want to look。

 like you're hovering， you don't want to look， like you're going， over there， and here I go。

 you're looking， okay， and then you go in， you're already out， you've still， out the set。

 even if they're， consciously notice you， you're just going to， come in and you're just。

 going to proceed， you as this chicken， low value guy， so it's much better， to come into your set。

 as if it's， completely spontaneous， and that's why I'll do， this double take， where I say this。

 that's right here， I'll be walking， buying， I'll kind of look， at the double take。

 because almost as， if what I'm， communicating to them， is， oh I'll just ask them。

 like I just noticed them， and it just happened， to happen， spontaneously， okay。

 so don't face the set， when you open it， but then within， about 30 seconds， you do want to be。

 facing the set， I've seen guys， who will sit there， and run the set， like this， not good。

 this is only for opening， you open the set， and then， within a few seconds， then you're。

 facing the set， as you run the set， you're facing， the body rocking， cool， but don't fidget， around。

 it's better not to move， the person who moves， the least has the most， power， in the set。

 keep your feet， apart， about like this， not try hard， but not， close together， like you're making。

 excuses， for your own， waste of space， you want them to be， about like this， definitely do not。

 lean in， at all， lean back， when I open the set， I'm， I'm not leaning， into the set， exactly。

 I'm not leaning， into the set， that's one of you， say something， is that really。

 change the acoustics， in any way， that distance， what do you do， because you get this。

 urge to do it， just like fidgeting， doesn't mean， you should obey that， urge。

 when you get that urge， to lean in， just ignore it， just keep talking， and it's better to。

 talk loud， anyway， we call this pecking， by the way， when you go like this， if I see you peck。

是这样 twitter 说过，假墙，比较鼻轻看，还是一定的，那么很容易，是这个，虫状尝尝诊，看ock，啊，蓝岩，痛常很厉害，把雇尝尝绿，这种，好，哈哈哈，菜，直此，啊，则，是啊，不，你會被關掉。

就從那裡，如果他們開始走一步，然後就這樣，就這樣，OK，我還記得，有一個人在那邊，他在那邊，他會把他弄出來，他會說，他會把他弄出來，然後就這樣，所以我還說了這次，他會把他弄出來，他會把他弄出來。

然後他會把他弄出來，然後他會把他弄出來，然後他會把他弄出來，然後他會把他弄出來，他會把他弄出來，然後他會把他弄出來，然後他會把他弄出來，然後他會把他弄出來，OK，他會把他弄出來，OK，他會把他弄出來。

OK，他會把他弄出來，OK，他會把他弄出來，然後他會把他弄出來，那時電兒， Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater。

Kater，Kater，Kater，Kater，你可以接 65 我的回忆，然后就到這裡，哎呀，不太听了，好， Ugh，啊，第三个，不错，对，意思，回悉，没法，是，感觉，今天死了非常多的人，想到。

如果被武功成功， Wang，是否，我只需要，有些人，想起，做出，美女，和，那些，在那些，做出，那些，想起，做出，那些，想起，做出，那些，想起，做出，那些，想起，做出，那些，想起，做出，那些，想起，做出。

那些，某ating，某ating，某ating，某ating，某ating，某ating，某ating，某ating，某ating，某ating，某Class，某， İyi，某，clEEP，clEEP。

clEEP，clEEP，clEEP，clEEP，cl אז，clEEP，cl一些，金，擠， lassen，h，t，cl reserves，cl，cl，市場進行投資，現在就運動假裝，如果想再可以。

如果想要發覺，變成森巴，例如，就去，老票，就以çaup，一下，創建，妳也 means，你知道困難的，自己的行了，如果你推到這計劃，你刪到 然後成析，你當做一個你想人家依術，你都把我拒絕，支出這個布尘。

你的劇裡就會越出，它沒更有편外 exhier，彈著最近，經常盡器受腔，有一件噴出來， Barely charged，示威，止進行了，曳奇，今日激進，責任造成了，這所以誠實的，虛埤，責任。

 involved that particular circuit to fear the approach。

 what we call First Minute Resistance or Approach Inxiety， There's a circuit that gets triggered。

 and it's therefore a reason， and here's the reason。

 if you approach the wrong girl in a 50-person society。

 and you're not part of the tribal leader's friends， and you don't know if she's taken or not。

 you approach the wrong girl， next thing you know， if that girl is taken by either the tribal leader。

或 Tom 的 Link 人的朋友，人人的朋友，作為主，反正，可能在這一度上，和彩起，對自己的話，然後根據弱，然後 這個，對我來說，那也是成agan，已經像極前，ink，今天，因爲，半天，被第四周，而。

因爲，主機，憑著，遊戲，有人，等於，請特套，暫停，等於，他們，我，就在，你，人特に，操聽，上台，想好好，不敢，你，這個，這就是與你一切一樣，已經說出了壞了， lesson 1，……，特別是，脫穿好。

維持，金堂，那邊有商劇，……想說砸讓人砸 Bring two，……，Under doin relation，……，憶答放藍色跟棟，祂都可以用梦想，和希望 Cream，Chamero，aje，The。

Chamero，夺地，E teaser，E teaser，plean，op，E teaser，E teaser，A，Chamero，Eı，E상，Chamero，umes，種hhhh，E，E，A，E。

再努力 amen忍，做好所有工作，不好，回去，拜拜，国家，不要，我要，挑選，上ひ，回去，我，就是，存在，趫和，贷，倾，我是，7，一的人，要，做，一重，雨，早，大概，笑，比較，偶，早，走。

我女兒的朋友們都會在這裡，如果他們不太好，如果他們不太好，那就是你自己做的，所以一個人是用這大小的頭髮，那就是在20%的頭髮，那就是在20%的頭髮，那就是在20%的頭髮，那就是在20%的頭髮。

那就是在20%的頭髮，那就是在20%的頭髮，那就是在20%的頭髮，那就是在20%的頭髮，那就是一般我們士雁，但是一般我們士雁，而兩般我們士雁，而兩般我們士雁，而兩般我們士雁，是一般年輕，目前面屈。

現在開始開始開始，現在開始開始開始，現在開始開始 arrogance，現在開始開始， Ababa， Langia，每一樣人會用手法，來處理，人會用手法，也可以为两个平台的人，要让人发生到一个短奏。

炷七重， 三多钱，这几倍好的汤，对着某种叫破心，另外一种大家都可以，第二件事，在这次还倒数，好像是我是说，这境内哪条，一般会成为改革，意思是，因此，可能被变成，高知，一步，万多北京恢复，队长，真的。

只要那些女朋友，更先谈，以技艺，而，任由，而香港的能力的，美同历史，出口比香港，就是，台湖三星，跟美大陷害的，政治� Afterwards，The Future，看了的，但是，我們講得，香港沒有。

香港的，盪遠，香港的， نہیں，我們的，孫曉洋，Carecome， wind，拜扭，要好好知道，这就是每原因，成为疫情很厚，疫情很厚，其实很厚，重要的，整个几十万枚，先习a的，调整进行，什么谟害。

但是他们用的，有20获20，如果，如果让快乐进行，所以， when it comes to the approach，。

 you are going to have to barrel through it。， It does not go away， the best PUA's，。

 the best guys get approach anxiety。， Social proof， confidence。， We want， here's a simple one。。

 Smile。， 97%。， I told you that。， 97%。， It's smile。， That's one of the six characteristics。。

 A great smile。， Go in smiling。， Don't keep it there。， Uh-huh。， In other words， guys。

 if they go into a set，， they start giving some material。， They get this feeling sometimes like，。

 oh no， they're not going to be into me。， I'm going to lose them。， But the material will get them，。

 because the material is the magic feather。， So if I can throw out the material，。

 and that will attract them，， if I can just get it out， then they'll be back。

 and I'll be able to talk to them。， And so what will happen is that guy will try and rush through his routine。

 to get it out so that he won't lose the set。， Now what happened is，。

 because he's rushing through his routine，， he lowered his value and they leave。。

 So it's better to have a good delivery。， The delivery is actually more important than the material。。

 Four。， Humor。， Now that doesn't mean funny。， Now the real truth is，， funny doesn't get you laid。。

 Funny's ha ha。， Playful gets you laid。， Why？， Because playful builds comfort。， In other words，。

 if I get the girl over on a date too to my house，， and within three minutes of her coming in，。

 I grab a pillow and I beat her and back to the head with it，， and throw it at her，。

 grab another pillow，， and go bring it on。， It's not going to work time and say，， oh man。

 you're boring。， And run off？， That's not funny， is it？， But it's a hell of a lot。。

 It's very playful。， And that's going to build comfort。， See？。

 It's one of these things where I've done this sort of playful stuff。， I did it with Katia。。

 She became my fucking girlfriend。， I was making out with her within a half hour after that。， I mean。

 because I would just， bash her， throw pillows down， lie in the pillows，。

 and then I've grabbed girls by their ankles。， You know， I grabbed them by their ankles。

 and put them down， right？， Grab a pillow， hammer them，， and then stand up and go，。

 you are so easy and walk away。， You know， want to drink？， Playful。， It's partikino escalation。。

 You know， it gets her comfortable。， And it isn't the hitting part。， Obviously， the playing。

 it's the taking away the playing。， That's where the， Kino escalation takes place， yes？。

 No matter what，， does the opponent just keep moving on？， Or does the opponent just go on this？。

 Yeah， exactly。， Just do your thing and then take it away。， If you。

 if I hammer her and hammer her and hammer her，， you know， with the pillow，， or if I make a move。

 you know，， grab her and put her down，， and then I get close to her and I cuddle with her，。

 and I'm kind of like what you were doing yesterday。， What happens？ They run off。， Instead。

 you make your one little Kino escalation move，， you know， you trip her up， you put her down，。

 and you get her with the pillow，， and then you're so easy，， and then you get up and you leave。。

 And you just sleep。， Where do you go？， You go into the kitchen。， She's like， where did he just go？。

 You come back with the drink。， Oh， what， you wanted one？， Well， go to the kitchen， get yourself one。

， Woman！， And you're being playful about it。， That's playful。， Not funny。 Playful。。

 Where does the cocky part come in？， Well， cocky part comes in in three places。， Your opener。。

 Sometimes can be cocky。， Right？， One of my openers， I， oh。

 to the girl who ended up straddling me for a bit，， where I went，， that was my opener，。

 and that was good enough。， It comes in A2。， A lot of cocky in A2， right？。

 Because you're disqualifying yourself，， and then in your stories，， you have a cocky attitude。。

 I mean， that story's pretty cocky。， You know， my ex-girlfriend，， an exotic dancer， I'm driving down。

， she wants to suck my dick。， You know， that's pretty fucking cocky。。

 But there's a playfulness throughout it as well。， A3， what do you got going for。

 you're more than your looks？， That's pretty fucking cocky。， Right？， See one， turn the cocky off。。

 Keep the playful， but turn cocky off。， She won you over。， You won her over。， Done。， Turn it off。。

 Humor。， Okay， humor， very important。， Did you notice any laugh tracks during my sets？。

 I really don't like that，， something like money-threading，。

 but it's after I've told her that you suck， you know？， Right。， She was laughing。

 but I thought it was。。。， Why do I suck？， Yeah。， Oh no， it isn't you suck， it's。。。。

 Do you know why you suck？， I don't know why you suck。， It is a great opener。， By the way。

 it's only two weeks old，， and it's open every single set。， Do you know why you suck？。

 That was an open it？， Yeah。， And you think they go，， I don't care， and walk off。， They don't。。

 They go， why？， Every single set。， Yeah。， Yeah， do you know why you suck？。

 Because I've been wanting to talk to you for 20 minutes now，。

 but you mispopular have been surrounded by all these guys I couldn't talk to you，。

 and that's why you suck。， Who are you？， And that's special because。。。， You know。

 when I was a teenager， my mom used to point out to all women to me，。

 and I'd go off into my next story， and I'd just stack。， That's an opener。， Boom， great opener。。

 Do you know why you suck？， Don't kill it。， Okay， don't do it in every set。， Okay。

 because I still want to use it。， But anyway， there's like this natural laugh track that happens。。

 You know， where they're having fun。， There's nothing。。。， It shouldn't be painful。。

 They're having fun。， So you get lots of laughter。。

 And we have something called the three-second rule。， We'll take a break， Shirley。。

 In the three-second rule， the main concept there，， let me turn this off。。

 The main concept in the three-second rule is to， not allow our anticipatory anxiety to increase by waiting on it。

， You know， there's a girl。， She's a hawk girl。， She's just coming to the room。， I say， approach。

 you go， fuck。， You can feel that horrible feeling for ten minutes or for three seconds。。

 So you're called。， Either way， it's a horrible feeling。， It's like jumping into cold water。。

 It's horrible feeling， but if you just get it over with now，。

 you're going to enjoy the swim for a lot longer。， It's the only rule that we have whereby we train for it。

， It's called the three-second rule。， There's the set。， Go in。， There it is。， It's good to go。。

 You don't anticipate any interrupts。， You know， it's not a moving target。。

 It's a good set for approach。， If I wait， it may actually disrupt。， The girls are standing there。。

 They're perfectly happy。， They're not moving。， But if I wait five extra seconds，， well。

 maybe they're bored and they're going to move，， they wouldn't if I would have come up。。

 Because I could keep them entertained and then lock them in against the bar。， Right？。

 But by not doing that， by breaking the three-second rule，。

 not only are you increasing your anticipatory anxiety，。

 but also you can have this set interrupt itself and move off because it was bored。。

 And that happens a lot。， So the three-second rule is something we train for。。

 Here's how we train for it。， It's a decision on our part to say，， look。

 I signed up to jump out of this airplane many times。， And that first time you're going to jump out，。

 you're going to be at the window going，， should I jump？。

 See if the decision really should take place when you sign up，。

 not when you're at the door ready to jump。， You're here now。。

 You're all going to do approaches tonight。， All of you。， You signed up。。

 But you didn't just sign up to，， oh， shit， I'm going to have to do， you know。

 maybe three to six approaches tonight。， Tomorrow you'll be doing a dozen。。

 You're signing up to do a dozen a day，， four days a week，， for the next three and a half years。。

 These girls get hit on so often。， Imagine what it would be like from the age of 19 to 23。。

 Let's say you meet a 23-year-old。， Okay？， How many times has she been hit on before you？。

 Let's be ultra conservative。， And let's say she only gets hit on five times a day，， which is a lie。。

 She goes out to any public gathering，， goes out to a mall or something。， It will be literally。

 in my opinion，， based on the girlfriends I've had，， it'll be about 15 times a day。。

 But let's be conservative and say five。， Now， normally they'd go up five days a week。

 because their social butterflies，， they get good at this over time。。

 But let's be conservative and let's say three。， So they're only getting hit on 15 times a week。。

 Truth is， it'll be more like 45 times。， But let's pretend 15。， Week after week after week。

 15 times a week they get hit on。， They start recognizing patterns。， Week after week。

 month after month，， that's 60 a month， 60 approaches a month，， in 10 months that's 600。， So。

 721 a year。， Times five years from 19，， all the way to 23 when you meet her，， is several thousand。。

 More realistically， it's going to be somewhere between，， it'll be around 7500。。

 Let's be conservative and say it's only 3，500。， Even then， don't you think she's going to recognize。

 patterns to social interaction？， Don't you think she's going to come up with a way。

 to get rid of the barrage of Bohr？， Nice guys coming up to her and saying，， Hi， what's your name？。

 She doesn't want to give her a fucking name to you。， You can't go in trying to build rapport。。

 If you do， it smacks every lovable loser before you。， It's called Nice Guy， the next guy。， And。

 you know， a girl who doesn't get approached too often，， will indulge in it。

 or a young girl who hasn't been， socialized yet at 19-year-old。， But by the time she's 21， 22， 23，。

 she's been socialized。， She's had this wealth of experience being hit on，。

 and she's recognized the patterns。， So， if you come up and you sound anything similar。

 to a typical guy， she's going to shoot you down。， You know， you can be the coolest guy ever，。

 but the eight guys before you weren't so cool。， But what if you said the exact same opener that they did？

， Hi， how are you？， They'll say， busy。， She'll get used to it。， And then you'll say。

 why are you being such a bitch to me？， It'll be nice。， And the answer is， because it works。。

 Another thing that Styl has mentioned before，， is this is really his idea，。

 is that you really have to come in at a higher energy level than the set。， Now。

 it could be a really low energy environment，， and you come in still pretty low energy。。

 You don't want to come in like a dancing monkey in a coffee shop。， But like， for example。

 last night we were in a club。， It's a really stimulating environment。。

 The girls are really stimulated。， So， if you come in and you're not a higher energy level than that environment。

， then guess what？， You're the one who's coming in there to bring them down。。

 You're the one who's sort of dulling their set， and making it more boring than it was before。， So。

 you have to be a little bit more stimulating than the environment around them。， So， yeah。

 just a little bit。， So， always come in at a slightly higher energy level than the set already is。。

 Well， the room generally means specifically well-groomed。， Like， what's more attractive to you？。

 A girl who， you know， babes。， Or a girl who not only babes， but dolls up her hair。， So much so。

 and she's got glitter on her and stuff。， It looks like she's about to go to a wedding。。

 We just got something about her。， It just makes us go after her because she's just well-groomed。。

 Not just groomed。， Well-groomed。， So， I'd love to see all of you guys be specifically well-groomed。。

 And if you can wear one particular interesting item，， did you see people grab this？。

 Remember I told you if this gets touched？， It means she's attracted to me。， And to me， it's like，。

 That's right。， Yeah。， And to me， I'm like，， Mm-hmm。， If this gets touched， they want me。， You know。

 it is so on at that point。， So， this is really， you know， this is a keynote test for me。。

 This is an IOUI test。， I wait for them to ask about it。， They'll say this， if a girl says，。

 did that hurt？， Really what she's saying is，， I would like to communicate with you。。

 That stupidest thing to say， did that hurt？， It's a fucking lip piercing。， Yes， it fucking hurt。。

 Here， let me get a pin。， Here。， Did that hurt？， Stupid question in the world， right？。

 Stupidest in the world。， But if she says it， it means she likes me。， So， I need to do something。。

 Wear something on。， And the sixth one。， A sense of connection。。

 You don't want to try to arouse her in the attraction location。。

 You can build buyers' remorse right after。， At first， they're attracted。， They get aroused。。

 And then the next day， they know that you just want them for sex。， So。

 that's why I hold back on something like that， until the seduction stage。， But at that point。

 because if you have natural keynote escalation，， you're very kisseder。。

 You've already held her hand。， So， why not just say here， bite me here？， Oh， God。

 that's so fucking good。， Once you're in isolation with her in your own room，， you've got privacy。。

 Why would you give her a languaging thing？， Why would you language her to death when you can demonstrate her to death？

， What's going to arouse her more？， Talking to her about a time in the past that she felt horny。。

 Or making her horny for the very first time with you right there。。

 All you have to do is do physiological stuff。， Bite her neck right here。 It tends to see you up，。

 grab the back of her hair， pull it， and feels really good。， It gives you goosebumps。。

 These are built in to all humans。， It's physiological。， It comes from back when we were kittens。。

 Grab the scrub of the neck。， And they all get all paralyzed。， Well， we have that built into us。。

 Dogs when they're fucking each other。， The male dog will bite the mane of the female。

 and she'll paralyze。， It's built in。， Let's use that to advantage。。

 Or just say stick your tongue out。， Start playing with your tongue with your tongue nice and soft。。

 But by saying stick your tongue out。， She goes， why？， Stick your fucking tongue out， woman。。

 Good girl。， Seconder tongue。， That's far more appealing to her and authoritative on your part。。

 But other things for connection。， I used yesterday。， I said to the black girl。。

 I wasn't given an instruction book and how to be human。， I'm just taking things one day at a time。。

 And I don't know why， but I feel very drawn to you。， It's good enough。。

 And I held her at one point and I said， this is good。， And she said hugging and I said， no。

 this is good。， She goes， yeah。， Now we call it the game。， Because that's just merely metaphor。。

 It's a metaphor that empowers us to not feel the breadth of rejection that takes place。。

 Girls can be pretty damn hardcore， you know， especially when they're grouped together and protecting each other。

， And we come in。， We can even come in trying to be nice。， Hi， what's your name？， We're busy。， Hey。

 like your shoes。 Where'd you get them？， My boyfriend bought them for me。， Do you mind？

 We're talking。， This is normal。， This is how women will treat you。。

 So we call it a game so that we can just play it like a game for the first 10 minutes。。

 But as soon as she starts liking you and giving you indicators of interest，。

 and then you can find out about her and， you know。

 hopefully encourage her to demonstrate some form of higher value。

 so you can then indicate your interest to her。， Once that mutual transaction has taken place of information。

， you will legitimately like each other。， And there's nothing more rewarding than having a woman like you。

， You're going to like them more just because they've got great taste in men and they choose you。。

 It's no longer a game from that point on。， So the game metaphor no longer holds。。

 From that point on， it's not about manipulation or gaming the girl。。

 It's about actual natural processes that take place in the development of all loving relationships。。

 And just because you know the step by step process does not mean that it holds no value anymore。。

 I need， if you convey these six characteristics， if you can embed these six characteristics anywhere。

， well， basically if you can convey these six characteristics within the material that you use in A2。

 A3， C1， she will find you really attractive。， See。

 some of them will build enough attraction for her to want to get to know you。。

 And then some of them you can throw off into C1 because now that you like each other。， Social proof。

 confidence， smile， humor， well groomed， pretty much all that is， A2， right？， But connection。

 that is really a C1。， And you want to make her feel like， wow， this was special。， You know。

 oh my god， I wasn't even going to come out tonight。。

 It's the weirdest thing that when I first met you， your first impression kind of sucked。

 so I wasn't really nervous talking to you。， But now that I get to know you and find out。

 you're fucking incredible。， I'm actually nervous。， And she goes， why are you nervous？ I said。

 because you just became important to me。， You know， I don't know how you did it。。

 And I love telling her stuff like that。 I don't know why。， I don't know why I feel this way。。

 Don't get logical to death。 Tell her a lot of mysterious， I'm drawn to you。 Why？， I don't know。。

 I wasn't given an instruction book on how to be human。， You know， this isn't rocket science。

 I don't know。， But it's just crazy， because I used to always language them to death。， You know。

 give them lots of reasons。， None of that is needed with a woman。， This is a game that you can learn。

， You have to know that。， And for a lot of people they go， yeah， but what about looks and all this？。

 Listen， a game is like a game of chess。， This game is like a game of chess。， It's very strategic。。

 And while our emotions do get involved， and you get approaching anxiety，。

 I'm going to teach you why approaching anxiety will not go away。。

 A lot of people are looking for confidence。， That's sort of what they're out to gain。。

 If I only had more confidence， then I could approach women。， Now it doesn't happen。 You know。

 the best PoAs in the world do not have confidence。， They have competence。

 and that's a hell of a lot better to have than just confidence。。

 Given the choice if you're on a motorcycle， you're riding a motorbike，， what would you rather have？。

 Competence， and a healthy fear of the bike？， Or would you rather have competence？。

 So we focus on competence here。， And some of the best PoAs， they're scared-chit-less to approach。。

 I'm one of them。， I love this game， and hate it at the same time。。

 It's scary to approach a group of people you've never met before。。

 It's scary to go to a public gathering， even just a foreign territory。。

 Even if there were no people there， it would be scary to go to a new territory。。

 So you add that on top of the fact that you're going to now meet a bunch of strangers。。

 Add to the fact that you're going to be meeting a bunch of strangers。。

 Some of them are going to be men。 Some of them are going to be bigger than you。。

 And you do have an ulterior motive of， you know， chatting up the lovely ladies he's with。。

 This can't put you in a compromising position。， But within the mystery method， there is a solution。。

 Well， there's no such thing as extra effort。， Like what a lot of people do is， you know。

 they'll get their game up the speed on sevens and eights。， And then when a ten comes along。

 they're like， okay， I really got to pull out the guns on this girl。， And so they'll be like， okay。

 there's this new piece I recently learned。， That would be fucking perfect for this girl。， No。。

 If you're trying something new， do it on a set that doesn't matter。， When a ten comes along。

 just stick to your material man。， Stick to the material that you got up to speed。， You know。

 about 80 to 90% of my typical set will be tried and true material。， And I'll have like 10%。

 you know， 10 to 20%。， Sometimes we'll be new material。

 I'm throwing in or I'm just winging it to see if something new will come out of it。， On a ten。

 100% is stock， is in the can rather， okay。， And I'm not going to try and test new material on a girl who is worth it for me。

， You'll only need like 50 gambits in order to run a set all the way to Fulmonte， okay。。

 But you'll need a good 300 gambits to handle the dynamic social interactions of all potential sets，。

 so that you can win everything， because you won't know what you're getting。， At one point。

 I think you were with me on this one。， At one point， there was some stuff going on。。

 And I didn't know how many sets were in there who I'm going to approach。， And I just went。

 all right， I'm just going to go in。， Because we have to be more reactionary。

 I don't have it all assessed。， I'm going to go in。 And as I'm getting information。

 I'll start calibrating to it。， And that's how I opened up that two set with Blons。。

 And got the fighting for me。 It was really nice。 It was really fun。， And when I was 10 or green。

 you will open with the neck。， Like， I have open girls like this。。

 Do you know why you and I will never get along？， Or too similar。， You won't take my shit。

 I won't take your shit。 What funs that？， I mean， if I were in a room with myself for too long。

 I'd pull my hair out of my head。， Basically， what I'm trying to tell you is if hanging out with you。

 I'd be bald。， That is a great way of initiating the chat with 10。， You're opening with necking。。

 Another one that's a relatively new one， which is working really well， is，。

 do you know why you suck？， Great fucking opener。， Do you know why you suck？。

 Because you've been surrounded by all your friends for the last 20 minutes。。

 And I've been over here wanting to meet you。 I don't know why yet。， I mean， you're very pretty。

 but beauty's common。， You know， I wanted to find out that there was more to you than me at CI。， So。

 I'm popular surrounded by all your friends， and I can't fucking meet you。， And that's why you suck。。

 So， who the hell are you？， Well， I'm Jesse。， And that's special because。。。。

 It was a great opener on a 10th。， Notice how on an 8th， you can blow yourself out。， You know。

 because， you know， tens never get treated this way。， Only by daddy and by the boyfriends。， So。

 you come in like this， and you have instantly conveyed that you must be getting laid。。

 Because no man comes in and disqualifies like this。， You know， do you know why you suck？。

 How a great way to open a set。， You just did that to， let's say。

 a three or four set right to the target？， Yep。， Because it's entertaining to the rest of them in disarms them。

， We're getting into a two in a second。， How to create attraction。， So。

 what I like though is the greens， yane g， three times， let's say。， The yellows， yane g， once。

 and the reds， you never nick。， Most guys have a problem that they're not expressive enough with their facial expressions。

 and with their vocal tonality。， And so， I end up having to tell students，。

 I ended up having to give the same speech ten times on every boot camp。， Look。

 you need to be more expressive with your face，， more expressive with your vocal tonality。。

 You want to use pausing and have a certain rhythm to the way that you speak。

。