# 谜男方法：4

你角色施造在一切？，我拿过去的男朋友，我是真的一切，我觉得因为我很喜欢，在其中他雪楼，ビ， Copy，猫子，你会引chere你的锯线，然后是一间时便，当小时便尽快30秒。

 heel inch to chat，in initiating the chat，you gonna be stacking，you gonna have several of these。

 hen okay several little，sourice to tell，since they're small，you can use them at the beginning。

since you have many，in your head，on might as well stackcedem，all the small ones up at，the beginning。

hellopener，an opener canbeused，a later on in the game，As a routine， totalmente，like a capitivo， ran。

 makes，�，ですか，在，是有，已经熟成10的 Entering，and now introduce solving， HAVEedere个人，都比赛，ified，这个人是，长老少8个，还有两个人。

然后是，配合，这是–，我的一点抗 Shiny，使出来的，让我对自己 ng，为我的例子， especially，A，如果是要在球台市代作用，这很特别的取得，容易，还是能够临阅，一定要有两颗，一颗。

炎里加重，答记，现在，也就是他要拉起大王的，我看到他臭自博， Ts М毒，但是他特點，但是那些人，救了兩弟子，恨他，這只看到沒有，沒有，十分容易，他要敢照顧その關係， Right。

 And you're good to go， Have a prop bag， in your prop bag will be whatever it takes。

 all those little things， style in his prop bag， he used to bring a huge piece of fluff。

 from a dryer， you know dryer length， Huge piece， take a small piece， roll it up a little ball。

 right between his two fingers， hidden， his walk，但後來也會睡了，自己收起來，我們出了馬了 Pocket，那讓他到這裡， 笑走，整 the，我笑他笑。

他背後空眼，我們青少兄弟好，給你後空而成，他有 induce coron，他可以驚low，如果没表现，你也可以用它 once， 你可以用屋子的 One，可以用一 Say，りゅん，然后想东西。

但是当然他要需要 done，之後到他 Back，这就是拐持迷路，拘捕和闲滞，What is multiple thread theory？。

 Here is a conversational thread。，OK？， a conversational thread like you are going to say an opener。。

 Right？， As I am saying the opener，， I make positive，， because I do not open it。， And any routine，。

 I will pause the routine， and I will start a new one。， And I will pause that，。

 and I will start a new one。， And I will pause that，， and then I will come back here， finish that。。

 Then I will come back here， finish this。， Then I will start a new one。， Then I will pause there，。

 then I will finish this。， Then I will start a new one。， Right？， And these are with different groups。

， You even，， we looked over your shoulder one time， to someone who you have not met yet。， You said，。

 we have a lot to talk about。， That is right。， Exactly。， I am working this set，。

 and then I am now merging forward。， And see，， merging is not weird。。

 You just have the material in your head。， You are working here，， and I am already starting here。。

 And I could tell， that the ready made her feel pissed。， I got cowboy hat grow up in the bridge。。

 I got cowboy hat grow up。， Yeah。， Merchings。， I find that in order to get a 10，， you got a march。。

 In other words，， the woman who is a 10 has to see you're already in a group，， talking。。

 And you're like，， so were you。， Now， I used to think it was only because， you have a social proof，。

 but the truth is， it was also the opportunity to，， to build a jealousy plot line。

 50 minutes into the set when you're in comfort。， Because all of a sudden，， it's like，。

 they're wondering who is this other girl。， You know，， let me finish up with this before you get to。

 jealous plot lines。， Do you have multiple threads already？， Exactly。。

 And multiple threads are natural， when you're in rapport with somebody。。

 This is something that we naturally do。， Now you have to ask yourself，。

 why do I have to fake this then， if I'm trying to build rapport？。

 Because it's an unnatural act to walk up to a stretcher， and act like it's all natural。。

 So we're trying to trick them into feeling like，， you know，， we're in rapport with them。。

 So we started conversation with positive。， It also is very interesting。， It keeps them interested。。

 As soon as a conversational thread dies，， like， let's say this conversational thread is incomplete，。

 I don't，， but it was going dead。， I don't have to go back。。

 I could just end it right there as I started to run。， Right？。

 The idea though is notice how there's a lot of different， conversations， some of them I finish，。

 but there's always a few that are still open。， So near the end when I'm ready to build a time bridge。

 or a balance，， I can say，， oh my god， we have so much to talk about and should go。， I know。。

 That's what happened with the black girl。， We'll remember that little。， She was like five foot tall。

， Black girl。， I got her phone number。， It was crystal。， I always love to leave， you know，。

 a couple threads going。， So it isn't a linear thing。， You're not going to be doing one story。

 then when you're done the next story，， then you're done in the next story。。

 The way it really works is an opener。， It's just a small story。， You'll do an opener， pause。

 throw your neck，， continue your opener，， finish your opener，， stack for the next opener，， fine。

 you can， you know，， somewhere in there， throw the neck，， continue your opener， finish it。。

 Now you're in， often to bigger material，， start your material as you do your material。。

 If you want to throw a neck again， you may，， you may then continue， pause，。

 start a new piece of material，， pause， continue the old，， the first routine，， continue it。

 finish it， done，， start a third one，， pause it， finish the second one。， Does that make sense？。

 This is what we're doing here。， That happens in natural conversation。， The way it happens，。

 one moment， the way it happens is， they are going to say something。

 because your story has reminded them， of a story that they want to include。。

 So shut up and let them，， and let them do it。， If it works for you，， if the conversational threat。

 that David initiated，， if you feel like it's not going to work for me，。

 she's not investing anything positive into this，， you know， like if she starts talking。

 about her fucking boyfriend，， snip her conversational threat，， get back on yours。， Well。

 we don't go for a phone number， just because she's attracted to us。， We now have to prove。

 that we are attracted to them。， If we can do that，。

 then they will want to build some comfort with us。， If we try to get a phone number。

 before they've built enough comfort，， we'll get a phone number， but we'll never see them again。。

 Because they don't have the comfort levels， constructed built up。。

 So it takes at least from meeting， to getting her phone number。

 at least on average about 25 minutes。， Just knowing that，， based on my successes，。

 completely changes the game， because most people are trying to get the phone number。

 three minutes in， boom。， They're cutting themselves off， at the fucking knees， boom。， Instead。

 get to know the girl a little bit first。， It's at least 25 minutes。， All right。。

 We are going to perfect those 25 minutes， because if we can perfect those 25 minutes，。

 we will be laid like rock stars。， First， Lear is going by herself。。

 I'm going up to the girl by herself。， The next Lear is group。， Third Lear is multiple groups。。

 Virgin。， Fourth Lear is allowing the previous night's successes， to assist you in the next night，。

 which is called the use of a pivot。， Okay。， And like， you know，， I met two girls yesterday。。

 I can call them up and invite them up today。， Now， I have two girls in my arm。。

 I'll come out with girls， who are going to stay with me all night long。， And I get to， you know，。

 say I'll be back in a sec， and work other sets。， It's going to help me dramatically。。

 It sets always open， if you have women with you。， Always。， Guys， girls， always open。

 because you're non-threatening。， I've already got girls with me。， They're already on my arms。。

 So that's the use of pivots。， That's Lear four。， And then there's the coveted fifth layer。

 which all of us should be playing。， The social circle。， Okay。， That's the fifth layer。

 where you allow the previous month， of success to assist you in the next month。。

 That's where style plays。， I've been traveling lately， so I can't really work there。。

 But that's the way I was doing it， when I wasn't traveling when I was in Hollywood。， We would just。

 you know， style and I。， We go out。， We go out with group of people。， We were like。

 you see people do。， They go out and groups。， That's normal。。

 Going out alone and surging by yourself， isn't normal。， It's a lonely thing。。

 But if that's all you've got going for you， you've got to start at level one， if necessary。。

 Then leads to level two。， Then lead to level three。， You know， you got to start somewhere。。

 Get out there。， Do whatever it takes。， I go alone。， If I have to。

 if I don't have social value today，， you know， I have nothing。， Starting from scratch。。

 Just broke up with my girl。， God damn it。， You know， and one of the weird things is。

 when you have a girlfriend，， your social circle sort of diminishes。

 because you never have time for them。， So you got to build up another social circle。， Right。。

 I mean， objectively pretty。， It's a mathematical formula。， What beauty is。。

 The more beautiful she is，， the more she has to protect herself。， And that's why， you know，。

 she'll go to a loud club environment。， Right。， A loud music rather a club environment。

 rather than a quiet one。， Because， you know， while we will say，， well， that's so loud in here。。

 Well， there's a problem。， There's an opportunity。， Loud means hot girls。， There is a correlation。。

 A direct correlation between the music levels， in a club and how hot the women are。。

 I've discovered this by， you know，， countless times going to public gatherings。。

 There is a correlation。， And the reason why they accept the loud music。

 is because it protects them from the barrage of bored，。

 every lovable loser walking up to them and saying，， oh， my name's Eric。， What's your name？， Yeah。

 she doesn't want to know your name。， She doesn't want to remember it。。

 She doesn't want to give her personal information to you。， You cannot go in like that。。

 That's a whole other ballgame。， You know， some people have asked me，， is there like a CD？。

 Maybe I could listen to。， I'm going to be going to a party。

 and I want to be in a good mood when I get there。， Maybe there's a CD I can listen to。， Dude。

 the whole purpose of a party， is to be in a good mood。。

 You don't try to get yourself in a good mood， on your way there。， You know， oh。

 you are in a good mood。， Oh， man， you get there。， And you let your first three nervous sets。

 get under your belt。， You barrel through these first sets。。

 So the fourth set comes along and it's easier。， And you're in a good mood。

 because you've had three sets before that。， And those are what we call warm-up sets。， You see。

 what is attraction？， Attraction is actually SNR value judging circuits。。

 What style says is what was funny when you were in grade two， is funny again。， Some wrestling。

 body back riding。， All these little one-liner pieces， you know，， or how's this？， Check this out。。

 I'm going to make this ring rather vanish。， Now remember， I've got two of them。。

 So it's a distinction， OK？， I'm going to make this vanish from my left hand， and appear in my right。

， Ready？， One， two， three， now。， Can I put the heart part to bring it back？， Three， two， one， now。。

 Yeah， I know what you're saying。， Was he born with that？， Yeah， it's a power。， It's a gift from God。

， You know， no biggie。， Or the devil， your choice。， Black nails。， You want to learn how to do that？。

 It's amazing。， I have to do is sign a contract， from this guy named BLs above，， ever hear of him。。

 It's a cool guy。， You can get this contract in PDF form。， Just print it out， sign in blood。。

 And you're good to go。， Right now you'll go， it's dry。， But in the field， it's the weirdest thing。。

 How some of these things just really kick it off，， make things work。， And when they laugh。

 you make big movements like this。， You become the moment for all the other sets to see you。。

 Then you can merge sets。， Hey， think of a number from one to four。， And next thing you know。

 you're doing the next routine， on the next people。， Take your hat off， put it on， you know，。

 usually wear like some sort of big hat。， Take the hat off and lock them in， back in the second，。

 merge forward into this set， work them。， Now I've got a jealousy plot line that happens between the two。

， Because that's， by the way， is the other thing that is necessary here。。

 I need to build a jealousy plot line in comfort。， A woman will not feel jealousy for you until you are in comfort。

， until she's attracted to you。， Feels like you're attracted to her for legitimate reasons。。

 Now you're both sitting in comfort， arm and arm。， You're feeling good。， You're holding hands。。

 Everything's good。， But a woman doesn't truly know she's attracted to you， until she feels jealousy。

， So it isn't until another girl comes along， that she feels jealous that she wants you。

 and that'll really accelerate her to chase you。， But how are you going to get another girl chasing you？

， In other words， I noticed that the hottest girls in my life， always came from mixed sets。

 from merging sets rather。， I would have to merge a set。， How did they？， Almost done。。

 I would go into a set， and then I would take that and merge them forward， into the next set。

 or at least ping pong between the two，， passively forward merge。。

 And when I would go to the new set，， I thought it was just the social proof that I had。

 that allowed me to build the attraction， but it wasn't。， It was the fact that I would take this set。

 and introduce them to the previous set， and that previous set would give me keynote handholding stuff。

 that would create jealousy for this girl。， And these girls who I had opened。

 and then I opened a new set， and introduced these girls to the first set，， they felt jealousy。。

 So now I'm ping ponging between two jealousy plotlines。。

 That's when a woman knows she's attracted to you。， So jealousy plotline is built into the， to the，。

 a game plan。， Always。， If you can't do it on day one，。

 you're going to have to throw it in at some point。， All right， that's jealousy plotline。， Okay。。

 When is the set over？， There's still communicating， still dialogue。， Do you still stay in it？。

 What do you mean when is the set over？， Like when you， when you，， when you，， oh。

 I see for that moment。， They're heading back，， but there's some sort of interact。。

 It's not over until you mean over as in like，， you anticipate it being over？， Okay， that's not over。

， Over is when you say goodbye，， you're gone， you're both 50 feet away。， That's over。。

 So you're not asking for， when is it over？， You're asking for， when do you think。

 that it's worth cutting off early？， Right。， I'll do it when a girl says，， could you please go away？。

 Thank you。， I'll say it was a pleasure meeting you。， That's it。， I don't get it too often。。

 It can come right away。， Fuck off。， On your open， you'll say，， you are a little shit。， Oh my God。

 if you girls like you for breakfast，， you'll be ready for that。， And if she goes， that's nice。。

 I don't want to talk to you。， Pleasure meeting you。， That's it。， That's all you got。。

 It's your eject。， Pleasure meeting you。， Write it down。， It's an eject。。

 What happens when you don't know where to go？， You go 20% further。， That's what style did。。

 That's how you got good。， When you run out of material，， you don't know where to go。， You're like。

 fuck， I'm stuck。， Am I in A2？， Am I in A3？， Where am I？， What am I doing？， At that moment，。

 that's when you'll say，， all right， I'm going to learn now。， I'm going to stick in here 20% extra。。

 If it means them thinking I'm a big asshole，， you know， or weird， creeping them out。， Hey。

 we're in a public gathering。， They're going to get up and leave， before it comes to worse。。

 So you learn within that。， But that's all a part of practice game。， Solid game is to leave。

 and then re-approach later，， maybe with two girls and girls。， But practice game is where，， hey， man。

 I don't know what I'm going to do next。， So let's figure this out。， Let's try some new shit。。

 And you're all going to have to barrel through that。， All right。， It's a humbling thing， too。。

 You know， once in a while，， I'll find a point in the game。。

 Some social dynamic interaction takes place， where I'm just not prepared for。。

 I don't have a solution for it。， So I'm like， all right，， experimental game hits。。

 Let's move forward。， 20%。 Let's go。， Let's go figure this one out。， You know。

 it's the only way we can， solve all the potential interrupts anyways， by trial and error like that。。

 Does the girls ever start making new back？， Mm-hmm。， Yeah。， Are they good at it？， Yeah。

 they're pretty good at it。， Yeah， and they're fun。， You want them to。， You know， you want them to。。

 You know， the attitude of saying，， you know， where they bitches？， It doesn't matter。， You know。

 that's just their protection shield。， They're not bitches。， They're not really bitches。。

 They're all going to， one day，， all， you know， the bitch that said，， can you go away， please？。

 She is going to have sex with some guy。， And when she does，， she will spread her legs for him。

 and say， fuck me， baby， fuck me。， Oh my God， you're so big。， She's going to do this。。

 Why can't that guy be you？， So instead of saying， you know，， coming up with the excuse that，。

 she's a bitch。， Like， she was just being a bitch to you， and it worked。。

 But the guy that she is having sex with， got through that bitch shield。， So why can't that be us？。

 Let's discover a way through it， and don't take it personally， when she behaves that way to us。。

 You know， she's doing it for a legitimate reason。， She's protecting herself from a barrage of boar。。

 We can only choose from the women， who have first chosen us。， So if you want options，。

 you have to make all the women attractive to you。， Good looking or bad looking。， You know。

 wouldn't be great to walk through the world， and have a skill set to make anybody think you're attractive。

， Ugly people， guys think that you're the cool guy。， A beautiful woman。， Practice on the ugly girls。。

 You know， I'm not saying that you have to have sex with them。。

 But you certainly can shoot the shit with them， and practice your personality conveying material。。

 We have to， you know， systematically convey， certain characteristics of an alpha male。。

 I remember when a girl once left her angora pink sweater。， And it didn't even， it was just washed。。

 It didn't even smell like perfume or anything。， But it just had smell like girl。。

 And she left it there。， And I had to leave it out because I was like，， well， next time I see her。

 I'll give it back to her。， I smell it every once in a while。， God， this is girl。， You know， pink。。

 It's the only pink thing in my room， you know？， It's girl。。

 And it made me think of her so much more。， So here's another thing you can do。。

 Get yourself a $1 necklace。， And then you take it off。， And you say， you're not a fee fire you。。

 I want you to hold on to this。， It's very important to me。。

 You have to promise to give it back to me the next time you see it。， Okay。， Good。， Not a great bit。。

 It solidifies your time bridge。， Well， the end of doing is I'll be moving off into my C1。。

 Go like this。， Start talking to them。， They start gathering around。， And then I say to them。

 to one of them in particular，， this is a great little piece。， You may want to write this down。。

 You pick one out and you say，， I bet you think you could pick up pretty much any man in here。。

 But the truth is， you can only pick up the men who approach you。。

 You know the lovable losers that don't have anybody to talk to。， So they come to you begging for，。

 you know， hey， can I buy your beer？， And you're like， ah， thank you very much。， I fuck off now。。

 Hmm。， All those losers。， Really， you want to meet a man that doesn't have to approach you。。

 The man that's surrounded by women。， Right？， Like for instance。

 there are women in this room right now that want to meet me。， They do。。

 And they can't because they have to get through all four of you。。

 So I want you to appreciate your time with me。， Isn't that a sweet little bit？。

 What you're doing is you're taking their presence， and using it as social proof for yourself。。

 What's amazing about it is you can see the physiological change in a girl， when she's just。

 you know， talking to you， listening。， And then you mention that you're one of those guys that is surrounded by women。

， And they just look at each other and go， oh my god。， You know， they see it。， And I swear to you。

 it's like this。， Link。， Yeah， Jess grew tits。， And they want you。。

 It's a great little piece to throw in。， When you got four women around you and you point to another woman。

， they want you。， They really do want you because they want to know who is this guy surrounded by four women making them laugh。

， So you just lean back and point， you know，， and they turn the look and the girl look away and you say。

 see， you know， look over there。， You eat this point and the girls will look and then when four girls turn to look。

 you know，， the girl will look away again and I see。， These girls want to meet me but they don't。。

 They can't because I'm surrounded by you right now。， They have to get through you to get to me。。

 And the truth is， I don't have to meet them because I'm being entertained quite well，。

 hanging out with you guys right now。， So appreciate your time with me。。

 It's a way of social proofing and building attraction just because they're there。。

 I find that fucking fine。， Just amazing。， For example。

 let's pretend you were my target and you were my obstacle。， Okay。。

 Now just because I label you obstacle is， I don't mean it's be derogatory。。

 I hold this for a second。， Good。， By locking my target in with a prop。

 I'm going to show you something cool with that in a sec。， By doing that。

 I can now speak to this two set。， I can direct my attention over to the obstacle。

 ignoring the target entirely。， Knowing that she's going to have to hand that back before she leaves if she wants to go to the washroom or something。

， Right。， Now， a bad example I'm using one of these is a lock and prop。

 but there are other lock and props that you can use。， For instance。

 that's a great lock and prop for me because I can carry this and I can just open a set by saying here。

 hold this for a sec。， And I can start talking to the others。， Then I can throw a neck。

 wait your turn。， No， you don't get to look through this。， Oh my god， where are you， little snoop？。

 Wait your turn。， You'll get your turn when you're good and ready， when you deserve it。， For now。

 you need some crayons in a helmet。， There's a corner。。

 And you say it playfully and then I can demonstrate a higher value to the obstacle。， Email？。

 Don't do email。， Honestly， don't do email。， A woman's brain is not emotionally hardwired for email。。

 Think 40，000 years ago。， Time bridge。， Time bridge。， I'm going to see you again。， Like， like。

 would happen if you were living 40，000 years ago。。

 I'm going to see you when the sun is down over there。， Be there。， And if she's not there。

 well then something went wrong。， Over here， on this end。， A pickup artist is a performing artist。。

 Your job is to use some form of material， just like a comedian uses material，。

 for his personality to write in so we can deliver it to the audience。。

 You're doing the exact same thing。， You need to open the set。， So it is a comedian。。

 That's why I called them openers。， An opener is merely a story that is short。

 that you can begin with。， You could do two or three of them。， Right？。

 That's called stacking openers。， And then you can lead off into the bigger routines。。

 But you can't open with a big routine because you might lose them。。

 Your attention is very short and you have no value yet。。

 So you have to ground your identity to her reality。， So instead of saying I'm a CEO， you say。

 well when I was a kid，， I came up with this idea。。

 Like when I was a teenager and I was living at my parents' house。。

 And it came up with this idea and I decided to market it online。， And I started making some money。。

 And then he goes from there。， He just tells his story。， And it can take。， He could do five， six。

 seven stories， a sequence of stories that led all the way up to where he is today。， Just like I do。。

 You know， oftentimes， and I'll throw in what you do。， I say I'm an illusionist。。

 I showed him a little bit， give him a little taste。， Tell them what I'm up to lately。。

 Then when it comes down to my hitting C1，， I'll say when when I was a kid。

 I wanted to grow up and be a magician。， It's the craziest thing。， You know。

 I wanted to be an astronaut too and a puppeteer at one point。， But I was so fascinated by magic。。

 And I remember the first time I did a， my very first magic show was for，， it was like maybe 20 kids。

， And it was for 50 bucks or 17 years old。， And I was shitting a brick for two weeks because I'd never done a show before in front of anybody。

， Never mind for money。， And they were， you know， I did it for maybe a couple of friends， you know。

 people on the street。， My mom， you know， hated me performing magic because it was horrible back then。

， And this show was supposed to be 30 minutes long for， for 50 bucks。。

 And it was only 20 minutes long。， And I， I mean， I was horrible。， I was shit。， But I took the money。

， And I feel like， you know， if I ever bump into that guy， I'm going to give him 50 bucks。。

 You know what I'm saying？， Man， thanks for the loan。， How can 75 for interest？。

 Quite though is that very day I saw David Copperfield perform。， And the money， 50 bucks。

 pay for literally exactly the fee of two tickets to see Copperfield。， I pay by mom back。。

 I went through all that pain so that I can see Copperfield。， And after that show。

 I decided I'd never have to do a magic show again。， You know， because it was horrible。 I hated it。。

 I went and saw David Copperfield and I had two tickets。， I was going to invite my neighbor。。

 Reason why she didn't come is because she wasn't there that weekend。。

 I was too chicken to ask her soon enough。， So my friends were all busy。， My mom said。

 I'll go with you。， I was like， no， I'll find somebody。， And I went downtown alone。， With $25。

5 of the pain that I just went through experience for two weeks，， deciding never to do that again。

 sitting in my fucking hand going，， maybe I can give it away to someone on the street。。

 But by that time， now I did 11 in the morning show。， And this show was at 8 p。m。。

 So here I am five minutes before the show。， It's a long time。， I got scared again。。

 I was too scared to talk to anybody on the street。， After the show。

 you would have thought I would have had the guts。。

 But too much time had passed and it was too scary。。

 So I ended up going in and what's worse than having a stranger sit next to you。

 is having nobody sit next to you and you paid for it。， And I went and I saw that show， 17 years old。

， And Copperfield did a fucking amazing show and he screwed me on the way it should be done。。

 And it was that day that I decided something really huge on the most stupid day ever。。

 I decided I'm going to become the world's greatest illusionist。。

 And I'm going to make him disappear。， And I'm going to stop at nothing。， Since then。

 I've been through some other experiences。， I started doing many， many magic shows。， How many。

 about 300， maybe even 400 magic shows。， You know how many magic shows？。

 How many children's magic shows have done？， I went， at first。

 doing little children's birthday parties。， I did bar mitzvahs。。

 I then moved up to doing school shows。， I just had to get my chops up。。

 Doing school shows were a real bitch because I was doing the 12 and 13 year olds。， You know。

 the ones who don't believe in magic anymore。， The ones where you have to， you know。

 still treat them like kids。， But， you know， that some of them have already had sex。。

 You know what I mean？， Hard， really hard core。， And that's what I got called in to do。。

 And I got really good at it。， The way I would start it is， you know。

 it would be library shows and stuff。， I'd come in and say， you guys believe in magic？， Ah， bullshit。

， And they burp the fact that I had the guts to say bullshit in front of them at a school。。

 And I'd go， oops。， And of course I got chastised a couple times。， But I would then say， look。

 the 13 years old， they're saying shit in front of each other。， Okay？。

 That's how you win an audience。， You know， and if you have a problem。

 you can always take the money back。， Because I was no longer doing it for the money， wasn't I？。

 And I'm still not doing it for the money。， Now， well， and do you see what I'm doing here？。

 I'm sequencing a series of stories。， I've got about 25 minutes of stories。， By the time we're done。

 she will feel like she has written with me along the entire way。。

 And every story is a story which makes her proud for my having the guts to do it。。

 Leading all the way up to what I'm doing today and where I'm going。， That's my grounding sequence。。

 And if I begin my grounding sequence， I will have a girlfriend。， So I have to be very careful。

 I'm not kidding you。， I have to be very careful not to bother you starting it unless I really like her。

， Would you do that in comfort？， It's anywhere in C1， C2， C3。 If you've got the time。。

 Sitting one on one with a girl。 Have you even done it？， If it's a two set， keeping it together。。

 But afterwards， they feel so comfortable with you。 They feel like they know you。。

 And you're taking the time。 Notice I'm not fucking hitting on her。， I'm just taking the time。。

 Of course， I'll do some keen escalation。， I'm an arm。 And I'll talk for five minutes。

 I'm going to be conscious。， So I'm so fucking good。 Where was I？， Oh yeah。

 I'll continue on with my next story。， How do you make it so that it doesn't come across that truth？。

 Because you'll be throwing in little things like I was scared shitless。， You know？， You know。

 it was just a little boy。， And at the end of it， I'll say， you know what？。

 I'm not where I want to be just yet。， I'm still in the midst of turmoil。。

 I just moved down to Vegas。， I got a head over to the stratosphere because I plan on performing the world's best。

， I plan on performing the world's first-meter vanish by jumping off of it。， And so， you know。

 I need to go up there。， And that's one of the stories that I told yesterday。

 which is true about this one I want to do。， I have to ask them。

 so how does everyone know each other before I can give indicators of interest？。

 Because I don't know who the boyfriend or the brother is。， Right？， Also。

 even if it's a two set of females， I will still ask， so how do you all know each other？。

 It's a waypoint。 Every single one of you will say it。， Let's hear you say it one， two， three。。

 One more time。 One， two， three。， One more time。， It is a waypoint。 You have to ask that in set。。

 In every single set， you can't do it too soon， because if you do a telegraphs interest。

 so how do you all know each other？， It's like I'm trying to get the girl。， Right？， Neg， neg。

 neg the target first。， Demonstrate some higher value。， Okay？， Then， before you start A3 or into A3。

 before you hit on her。， You know， you can say， what do you got going for you more than your looks？。

 Really。， All right。 That's cool。， How do you all know each other？， Now I can throw in。

 How do you all know each other？， It's just the beginning of A3。 I can throw it in。， And now。

 do it to a two set of two girls。， You think， well， I know that's not a boyfriend or a brother。

 so who cares？， Here's why。， Because you don't know who the relationship is with that other girl。。

 If it's the sister， she may try to protect her sister， the target。。

 And you're going to have to win over the sister。， If it's roommates。

 you want to find out if there's bisexual tendencies。， You're going to want to check that out。。

 If one of the girls is the target's boyfriend's sister，。

 you can't maneuver certain things in front of that girl。， I need to know the relationships。。

 If there are guys involved， I need to know who's the brother。。

 Because I need to make him my best friend。， And he will hand his sister to me on a silver platter。。

 I need to know this information。， It's a waypoint in A3。， All right， so C1 is rapport。。

 The main point is chinoescalation。， I want to get a good chinoescalation going。。

 And comfort building routines。， Comfort building routines really are the same as DHVs。， Only。

 instead of telling the story to the group，， you're telling it straight to her。。

 Which is kind of fascinating。， The fact that you can use a routine。， If you do it to her。

 you're building comfort with her。， Right？， Getting her get to know you and you're entertaining her。。

 But at first， you can't do it straight to her， because it telegraphs too much interest。。

 So you got a nag， nag， nag her。， And then do the story telling to the rest of the people。。

 Or help do it to an adjacent group and merge the groups together。

 if you can get more people involved。， Okay？， So she can hear you tell a story。。

 The demonstration of higher value comes in being able to tell that story。

 not to her but to a group of people and get away with that， and have， you know。

 and captivate them for a little bit。， Like， the skill set that I've developed that allows me to work。

 in front of you guys right now。， And I assure you， I have absolutely no nervousness。

 stuck in you guys。， You're guys。， You're not even hot girls。， You know， the same skill set。。

 Women really appreciate it。， So if I had a woman here，。

 she would find me much more attractive because of this。， Because when you lead the men。

 the women follow。， That's why I have on more than one occasion。， Brock Girls， two my seminar。。

 I meet a girl on day one。， And on day two， she'd be sitting here watching me teach it。。

 No word of a lie。， Now， what's the difference between C1， C2， C3？， Only location。。

 We call it rapport。， We call it trust。， We call it intimacy。， Really， it's， they're all rapport。

 trust and intimacy。， We're just growing it。， And you'll do as much as you have to in the location you're in。

 as much as you can do in the location you're in。， That's it。， That's all you're going to do。。

 And you're going to purposely slow it down。， If you know。

 you don't have a seduction location nearby，， might as well not go off into a rouse on start seducing。

 or an attraction location， right？， So remember that C1， C2。

 C3 are only separated by physical location， and the objective of each of those three phases is the same。

， Kino escalation and comfort building routines。， That's it。， Now。

 if comfort means rejoining her friends，， we're just rejoining our friends。， You know， wow。

 we're hand holding。， It's on。， Our man arm is on。， I stroke her face and say， God。

 you smell so fucking good。， Okay， I can't even talk to you。， I turn。， I shut up。。

 She initiates the chat。， Our man arms me again。， And I say， my God， I'm so glad that I came out。。

 Because， you know， if we were to relive this day again，， I wouldn't be here again。。

 Because the statistical probabilities of me coming here，， I mean， my friends dragged me out。。

 I was so not going to come here。， Just a whole series of events took place。， This is like destiny。

 the fact that I'm here and that you came here。， And I met you and I'm so happy that I came out。。

 Because if I wouldn't have come out，， I wouldn't have met such a great person。， You know。

 I'm going to go home。， And I'm going to be thankful that I met you。， And that's just so twisted。

 you know，， because I'm so cynical lately。， You know， there's so many people on the planet。

 and so many of them are cookie cutter。， And then someone like you comes up and you're like a fucking diamond。

， You know， this is the weirdest thing， but I have a fetish。。

 I'm not going to go into those fetishes， but， you know，， sexual fetishes， everyone has something。。

 But I have this weird thing。， Let's say you and I were， I don't know，。

 let's say we knew each other six months， okay？， We're holding hands。， We're doing some shopping。。

 We're at the mall。， If we're in the middle of a conversation，。

 we will naturally find ourselves on automatic pilot， from time to time。， You end up going。

 where are we？， Where do we just go？， And for you， I bet you the place don't tell me。。

 It would be like a victorious secret， right？， And I'd be in there going， oh my god。

 there's too much estrogen。， Jesus Christ， look at this。， You know， and I'd be waiting outside。。

 Babe， come on。， I'm not sure you try some stuff on for me。， That's different。。

 But my automatic pilot， you think it would bring me，， you know， because I'm a guy，。

 you think it would bring me to like a computer store， or some sort of gear head place， right？， No。

 it brings me of all places to travel backstores。， Isn't that weird？。

 I find myself in a travel backstore。， Like we were talking， and all of a sudden，， you'd be like。

 babe， why are we here？， You need like a travel bag？， I'm like， no， I don't know why。。

 It's just something， some ethereal quality about travel bags。， Drags me， draws me in。。

 It captivates me， pulls me in。， I have all the travel bags I need。， I have all the luggage and bags。

， But there's something about it。， I love looking at them because I always think to myself，， somehow。

 maybe this is what it is。， A travel bag is like an opportunity to have adventure。。

 You put your shit in it。， You're all organized。， You're all ready to go and off you go。。

 And I know it's the weirdest thing，， but I don't know why it happens。， Now。

 the reason why I bring this up is，， well， for the last like 10 minutes，， I've been talking to you。。

 I look at you， and I mean，， you are just your absolutely beautiful girl。， But the truth is。

 there's a lot of beautiful people in here。， But so I look away， you know， no biggie。， You know。

 I've had beautiful girls in my life before。， I'm not going to， you know， sugarcoat it。， But I keep。

 there's some ethereal thing about you。， I keep looking back to you。。

 And there's something about you。， I'm just so fucking drawn to。， It's ridiculous。， You know。

 I wasn't given an instruction book on how to be human。， You know。

 I just take things one day at a time，， and I'm fucking drawn to you。。

 And I look away because I don't want to spook you out or anything。， And the next thing you know。

 I can't help but look back to you。， So I guess what I'm really trying to say is，。

 you're like a travel bag。， I'm romantic， aren't I？， Are you in a quarantine？， Alright。

 get away from me。， It's a great fucking routine。， It's a nice way of telling her that you like her。。

 I'm not going too much with it， making it very unique，。

 and explaining to her that this is because of emotion，， not because of looks。。

 That's how you start winning over a 10。， Do you like that bit？， You know。

 here's a situation that often occurs。， There's a two set， two girls。。

 You know you can't isolate in a two set，， so you're going to need to bring your wing in to turn it into a three set。

， Your wing is upon in the know。， It's one person is the game player， that's you，。

 and your wing is upon。， He's not a game player as well working for you。， Okay， working with you。。

 He is a pawn in the know。， So a two set。， I can't isolate。， If I go in， I'll bring my wing in，。

 and the amateur approach is to have your wing run interference on your obstacle。， Here's a two set。。

 If you go in tandem， you and your buddy go in at the same time。， It's like an interview。。

 It's horrible。， He occupies the obstacle while you run the target。， Amateur hour。。

 We call that going in tandem。， The only type of tandem hunting you want to do is with a girl。， Okay。

 you can go in tandem if you're trying to get three sums with your girl，， with your， you know。

 bisexual girl。， That's the only time you go tandem， and they call it tandem hunting。。

 You do not want to go tandem hunting with your wing， with your male wing。， It's not cool。。

 It shows you don't have a lot of confidence。， You know。

 it telegraphs the reason why you're going up to talk to them。

 is because you don't have to talk to him。， You're going to talk to the girls。

 you telegraphing interests。， You can't do it that way。， It works as you go in by yourself。。

 Let your wing hold back。， But don't let your wing just stand there like a loser three feet from you。

， Has that ever happened？， You know， you go into a set。， You start talking。。

 Your buddy is just waiting there。， You know， because you're taking over the set。。

 And it just looks like， hey， I'm the bold one of the two。， You know， and that me lowers his value。。

 And now I'm hanging with a guy with lower value。， And that lowers my value。。

 It's just a horrible situation。， Here's what you do instead。， You go into the set。。

 You work it like a typical two set。， You throw an exit the target。， You work the obstacle。。

 As you do that， you do an accomplishment introduction for your friend。， For your wing。。

 I'm going to introduce you to a very good friend of mine。， His name is Neil Strauss。。

 He's rock critic for Rolling Stone Magazine。， Three times in your time bestselling author。。

 Ladies love him。， I'm going to introduce you to him。， He's a very smart man。。

 And I'll leave it at that。， About a minute and a half later， to three minutes later，， style。

 my wing， will come in。， And he'll say， were you just talking about the。。。， And I'll say， yeah。

 spells。， And he goes， oh， no way。， What did they say？， And it doesn't matter what。。

 He just comes in。， Were you talking about the。。。， And I fill him in。， And he takes over for a bit。。

 I then shut up。， Because I've already accomplished my intro to him。， He then works。。

 Both girls just for 30 seconds。， You know， keeps it together。， He takes over。， Oh my god。。

 Rio's side。， Not five minutes ago。， Okay， get this。， And he tells the story。。

 But from his perspective， it's a three set。， He's going to talk to me。。

 If this is my wing sitting here， and these are two girls，， I can shoot the shit with my wing。。

 And these girls are going to listen to what I have to say。， I'm respecting my wing。。

 I'm not hitting on them if I'm talking to them。， I'm talking to my wing， rather。。

 But I'm still telegraphing interest。， I'm conveying。。。， Rather conveying。。。。

 And demonstrating a higher value to them。， Obliquely， while I'm talking to my wing。， You know。

 your wing is your buddy。， He's important。， You turn to him。， Talk to him。。

 And then you talk to your wing。， So， that having been said，， your wing then talks to the target。。

 Your wing will talk to the target quietly as you isolate the obstacle for a bit。。

 And you start basically saying how great your buddy is。， Okay？。

 He's now going to start saying how great you are to your target。， He's your wing。。

 He knows the hottest girl is your target，， even though you were talking with the obstacle。， Okay？

 He knows the game plan。， Okay？， And if he fucks you over and takes your girl，， well。

 he won't be your wing for long。， So， you know， you build a relationship with your wing。， You know。

 you do the same for him。， So now here's what happens。， He then says，， by the way。

 do you know mystery？， How do you know mystery？， Oh my God。， You don't know。。

 He's the guy who levitated over Niagara Falls。， This guy is one of the greatest illusionists I've ever seen。

， He's amazing。， Ladies love him。， This man has dated some beautiful women in his time。， Holy shit。。

 That was it。， That's an accomplishment intro。， He says it to her。， Right？。

 And then all we have to do is switch out。， Or I switch over to the target。。

 From the target's perspective，， I came in lowered my value，， lowered her value rather，。

 got raised my value in the form of ignoring， ignoring， ignoring，。

 shooting the shit with the obstacle， getting the obstacle，， liking me。

 introducing a really cool person into the set， who then accomplished an intro to me and says how great I am。

， And then we switch out。， You see how normal this is？。

 I do this for two sets with a wing all the time。， Now when we switch out，。

 when he runs interference on the obstacle，， just to occupy her，， it's going to stick。。

 And when I start talking to the target， and I start qualifying her through A3，， it's going to stick。

， She's going to qualify herself， because I've got such high value already。， Before I even， you know。

， said anything other than legs towards her。， Now in that position，， here's the best part。。

 If my wing cannot hold the obstacle，， and it lets go，， she just rejoins，， and I。

 to turn back to a two set that I can control， because I've already disarmed the obstacle myself。。

 As opposed to if you had a two set，， and you know， your wing， and you came in at the same time，。

 he ran interference on the obstacle，， you ran on the target。， As soon as he fucks up。

 and lets go of his obstacle，， his obstacle is now my obstacle。

 because she is not talking to him anymore， because he has low value。， She's bored。， Well。

 guess what？， She will assume that I， too，， being his friend， have low value，。

 and I must be making her friend feel， just as uncomfortable as， you know，， my friend made her feel。。

 That she's going to come in， and steal the target and say，， you know， come on， let's go dance。

 and pull her away from me。， So you can't go in tandem。， You see？， Again， two set。， Going alone。

 work the obstacle，， like the target，， accomplishment intro。， Wing comes in。

 works the target for you，， accomplishment intros，， then you switch out。， He holds the obstacle in。

 you know，， homeostasis， you know，， keeps her occupied。， Well， I work the target，。

 who I now validate， may three，， then turn to the other two， and say， we like each other。。

 Are you guys cool with that？， Good。， And now it's on。。

 Now I can go keen on it in front of the friend， because I've said that。， Kind of a complex piece。。

 And standard fare， right？， I mean， I don't have any other， better solution to handling the two set。

 and pulling your wing in。， That's how we do it。， That's a vulnerability story for，， you know。

 another routine for another time。， You know， when I talk about my father died。。

 If I talk about that for five minutes， and it tears me up， you know，， later on， you can see one。。

 Yeah， see one or see two， even。， Here I was all at first going，， hands off， hands off， hands off。。

 But in isolation， I accidentally， reveal some sort of vulnerability，。

 a vulnerable aspect of my personality。， That's a whole story right there。。

 You pick a vulnerability story。， So that's kind of like a good one， you know。， And hey。

 I'm not hitting on her。， I'm actually taking the time to get to know her。

 and allowing her to get to know me。， I'm investing， you know，。

 I'm trusting her with personal things。， And in return， they'll trust you。。

 It's kind of a neat thing。， I remember a girl said to me，， here I'm going to the washroom，。

 hold onto my purse，， and she went to the washroom。， I'm holding on her purse，， going。

 washroom is really fucking trust me。， I can rifle through this thing， steal everything。

 I could leave right now。， When she came back，， and I handed it back， she goes，， thanks。

 I trusted her more。， No， weird。， I just felt like I trusted her。， I got what had left my，。

 the keys to my car with her。， You know， it just would have。， It's a， you build trust that way。。

 So sometimes I'll take my hat off，， put it on a girl， say I'll be back。， Leave， come back，。

 give me a hat back。， Good。， She will trust me more because of that。， Cool。。

 Comfort is actually not just called comfort，， it's actually CNT， comfort and trust。。

 Trust that you are not going to make her feel uncomfortable，， or rather， if she feels uncomfortable。

， she can trust that you are going to remove the discomfort。。

 Trust is a belief in a prediction algorithm， basically。。

 She can predict that any time she feels uncomfortable，， you are going to remove the discomfort。。

 That's what trust is， isn't it？， That's what it all boils down to。， And what is comfort。

 the lack of discomfort。， So it's comfort and trust。， We come in， we're equals，。

 style goes one direction， I go the other，， I start up a set， he starts up a set，， then I'll say。

 come on， let me introduce you to some friends of mine。， I grab them and I pull them forward to。

 to Neil set，， to style set。， When I go there， he's already with girls，， and I'm bringing girls。

 and I'm a cool guy，， he's already done an accomplishment intro knowing that，。

 because we constantly accomplishment intro each other，， I even practice it when he's not around，。

 because it makes me sound cooler， you know，， to have a good buddy who has good value，。

 and I have that for him。， And so if we are in the same room together，， I can introduce him。

 and we cross over like this all the time。， It gives me more maneuverability， it allows me to，。

 you know， show that I've got cool friends，， I will also introduce， I mean， what's neat is，。

 when you introduce girls you just met to a group of people， you don't know。

 but one guy you know really well，， they assume the whole group is yours， you see？。

 So I can just say， hey， these are my friends，， this is Neil。， Oh， by the way， and he'll take over，。

 so they don't get a chance to be introduced to everybody，， because it's too big anyway， right？。

 But they think that they're friends of ours，， and that because I came in with girls，。

 and an a huge accomplishment intro by style， has already been given in his set，。

 I can lock into his set for a bit，， I know the hottest girl in his set is his，。

 and the hottest girl in my set is mine，， now we can switch off， because you know，。

 if he opened a three set， I opened a five set，， well when we merge him together。

 that's an eight set，， you know， and so he and I are fucking running an eight set， from inside。

 two guys， it's ten people in total，， and we can run it， it's fascinating to watch，。

 it's a wingman ship man， it's a whole area of the game，， how to get good with your wing， good stuff。

， So we have these three physical locations，， any comfort location，， or any track location，。

 any comfort location，， and any seduction location， right？， We have to。

 there are fundamentally three ways， of jumping from one physical location to the next。。

 There are three jumps，， there are three jumps。， When you understand these three jumps，。

 you will know the 12 phases of the mystery method，， the beginning middle and ending of a track，。

 the beginning middle and ending of comfort，， the beginning middle and ending of seduction，。

 and then the three jumps， the different types of jumps，。

 to get from physical location to physical location，。

 because certain phases are best done in certain locations。， Fair enough， the three jumps are，。

 the first one is called a move。， A move is quite simple。， When you take her by the hand，。

 say come with me and you move her 10 feet in the club。， That's it， that's a move。。

 If you take the whole group and you move her，， move the target with the whole group and you sit down。

， That's a move。， If the attract location，， if you attract her，， you don't have to move them。

 save the step，， then you're often to a comfort location。。

 Because some comfort locations are attraction locations。， She may already be at a cafe sitting down。

， with a couple of friends。， So you'll just come and sit and join them，， and you don't have to move。。

 Why would you have to move her？， You can build comfort right there and then。。

 It's only an optional thing。， Moves and the other two，， all three jumps are optional。。

 The whole purpose of getting a phone number， is so you can see her again。。

 Now the phone number is merely the receipt for the option。， See the difference？， It's a metaphor。

 time bridge。， So first you're going to meet her in the attract location，， build some attraction。

 then you're going to move her， to the nearby comfort location，， any comfort location。。

 Whether it's the couches in the club，， in this case it is，。

 then you can time bridge to see her another time。， And the other location would be， you know，。

 I'll drop by pick up。， So you pick her up at her place，， and then， oh。

 and then the next thing is bounce。， A bounce is the third jump。， A bounce is merely an instant date。

， An example is， my friends and I were about to grab a bite， over at Mel's diner。。

 You're more than welcome to tag along。， In other words， there's no time involved。

 because it's happening right away。， I'm here with her right now，。

 and now I'm going to change venues。， I'm going to move out of the venue，。

 and I'm going to go to another venue。， Come with us。， You know。

 we're going to another club or on the list。， Parties coming with us。， That's a bounce。。

 And why is it called a bounce？， Because that's what we call it in the field。， It's like， dude。

 we're bouncing。， Come on with。， A bounce is merely an opportunity that you are structuring。

 so that the girl can pursue you。， That's the purpose of a bounce。， A bounce happens instantly。。

 And this loop here is called a multiple venue loop。， That's a multiple venue loop。。

 The more venues that you take the girl to，， the more memory she has with you。。

 And you can shrink your seven hours down to four hours。， I would rather have a girl come with me。

 to five different locations than sit with her in one， for the same amount of time。。

 It's more entertaining， more interesting，， and also every time she compromises her safety。

 by coming to a new place with me，， and it turns out she's not killed or raped。。

 And she arrives there safely，， and she's there with me， and everything's fine。。

 We're building trust。， This is really a trust building cycle right here。。

 What we call a rapport accelerator。， So some of the boys online called it。。

 Time bridge is known as a dating loop。， Now， the only reason it's called a dating loop。

 are you going on dates？， Well， time is involved，， and that's why you're setting a date to see each other again。

， So you're going to meet her。， You're going to move her into any comfort building location。

 that's nearby。 It's just a move。， 40 feet， 50 feet， that's it。， From there。

 can you move her into a seduction location？， If you can move her into the bathroom。

 you're good to go。， That's full of mates straight through。， The only problem is， remember，。

 it takes seven hours to go from here to here on average。， So if you're like， you know，。

 you've done five minutes of attraction，， you moved her to a comfort building，。

 and you've worked here for two hours there，， you know， getting all hot and horny and aroused。。

 Can you move her into seduction？， If you can't move her into the bathroom，。

 she's not going to do that。， Don't try to go seduction here。

 until you can build a solid time bridge。， Next thing you know， you know，， you're a finger to girl，。

 and you go for a time bridge，， and she never sees you again，。

 because she doesn't have comfort with you。， You're talking to her on the phone，， saying， yeah。

 you know， it's okay。， You know， I come over， you want to come over，， and she's like， well，。

 you know， I've got things to do。， You think of yourself， this girl loved me。， I mean。

 I was fingering her for crying out loud。， And she was so into it。， You know。

 the reason why we didn't have sex at night， is because we couldn't physically。。

 There was no place to do it。， So now there's the next day that's half sex。。

 Now she's not in the emotional state。， She's not aroused。。

 And now she knows the only reason why you're calling， is to have sex。， First， what did you do？。

 The only thing you didn't do tonight before was to have sex。， That's right。， Pretty much， exactly。。

 So， you know， if you say to her，， hey， let's just hang out。。

 It's just going to feel like manipulation for her。， You know， went too far too fast。， Now。

 I don't mind going quickly if you can't move to， seduction and fuck her in the bathroom。。

 That's fine。， That's if that's your option。， But if that is not a technical option，。

 you can't do that。， Or she won't， you know， you try and she won't。。

 Slow it down because you know that you're going to have to， either do timidages or bounces。。

 Slow it down。， What is a bounce？， You're going to bounce to another venue。。

 Any comfort building venue。， That comfort building venue could be your living room。。

 Are you ready in your living room to move her to seduction？， Well。

 what if your keynote escalation hasn't gotten to kissing yet？， She's still tense and hesitant。。

 This seven hours is based on her reactions。， Not on what you should do。。

 It is always calibrated to every time you make a keynote escalation。。

 We're going to see if she's uncomfortable with it。， If she's uncomfortable， you're going to back up。

， The main point is there are three main areas to this game。， This first main area is called pickup。。

 And it goes from doing your track stuff，， moving her into a comfort building location nearby。。

 That's the pickup。， Now you have your option。， Then mid-game， which， you know。

 most of your game is played in comfort。， It occurs when I'm in a comfort location。。

 I'm either going to time bridge her， get her phone number， see her again。。

 And I'll do as many dating loops as necessary to accumulate the seven hours。。

 Or as many bounces to accumulate the time that I'm with her in comfort。， Finally。

 I bounce back to my place and I'm off into the last piece， which is called endgame。， Endgame。

 midgame， these are all chess metaphor。， You could be a great pickup artist。

 but you could be lousy in mid-game。， And if you're lousy in mid-game， you will not get laid。。

 You have to play video games， games with levels。， Can you imagine playing like a， you know。

 a 12 level game with no safe feature？， That's the pickup。 That's the， that's the Venue Shunar。。

 It's right there。， Courtship， you're going to meet her， okay？， You're going to A1 her。

 which is open。， You're going to attract her in A2。， I'll zoom into this。 We'll zoom into each one。。

 Into A3， she's going to attract you as a whole phase in making her feel like you are becoming attracted to her。

， Because in A2， you can't convey that you're attracted or you're going in building comfort。。

 You got a break report in attraction so that you're not going in building comfort and becoming the nice guy。

， Right？ After that， you're off into C1， okay？， In C1， it's a report building。。

 Can you imagine you get all the way to C1， and then for some reason you build a time bridge and you never see her again？

， You're like， fuck！， You're going to video game， fuck！， You got to start from scratch again。。

 There's no safe feature。 You can't come back to it。， You lost the girl。

 You got to start from scratch。， The bad news is that you're going to have a lot of failure， okay？。

 Especially at the beginning。， The good news is that you're going to have a lot of success too at the beginning。

， Now of course， the good news is that if you have success in the beginning， lots of success。

 the more likelihood you'll have of having success near the end。。

 But the bad news is that you're going to have the least amount of experience at the end。。

 Makes sense， right？ Once you get lots of openings and very few full monies at the end。

 you're going to be fucking up along the way。， My job now is to minimize the chance of anything happening wrong。

。