# 谜男方法：5

兩位一定是LMR，和藍色 related resistance，看看 pessoas的思 situations，有您的理論，你们在家裡加入，要和你精神置，您要有哪一家，或是C3的理論。

 gravity system，您不知道你是站在嗎？，就是发生之后可以，所以啊，為什麼不，輕輕鼓抓捕日本伊她，這場打的口音摸出ığ心，這 может較出來，這有朮泳來報後，她加拿 ones。

她普通的做法，說她全部都知道，替她搬到科研 我會玉米，說放音撕，這鉄道，去南 express，這個。。。，一頓，她想要處理，又要親身，小誠的時候會上10題，現在一開始我還用了，就動作，有什麼方法。

也不用動作，也不走隊，就是比食物成為的，這是雙手，玩家玩家會怎樣，小胡，大獨可以回來了，現在用 cameo社，一看到唐厢uda，击无聊，V 不会接触，为完整 primata，她hing自己的应应是。

就设计她像是，这里的，这种不了，就是 tangent lo，为了照间，名试，赵家庭， importance，我觉得，小信，已经结束了，大家不用意見，再解決一下，該看看 獎 wonww，它的轉譯都銀行。

在怪物上，它是個我遇見的，可分之地，從你的成繩服，你的不光而已， Schools the Blinds for me，high is lights， Im gonna watch up。

 this watch up thing， happens when you have a girlfriend， anyway go wash up。

 and its also a very plighted thing to do， are kinda our成功， that， if， don't use a rWh， arousal。

 thats is gonna get you through last minute resistance， its，只是它吝 throwing，我们怎么回答，接用那 번째用，这次呢， Repeat。

猪植肢不见，做一部， wieder出任，跳iverse，在屎心上， bold， mainly，不如我们，这部，这 still， spe， special，这是，我是， special，为，这是 spe。

讲什么吧，也就是询问，不用讲讲什么，要有回答，我使 láp zu lines，是我闯在狗当里，但是不是闯各位， 전에告示，吸 chancellor，看病的，楊明，者，还有壹件事，月元，原来子尚不是啊。

恢复冰鱼，做 bio，什么，我习惯，说得很好，鳄铅，做的，找不到，出分，我'm coming up with five ways of solving it，by the way。

 I started with one，it was like， I had one way of solving it，there are now five ways of solving it。

 but before I get to these five ways， I wanna explain exactly what it is。

 Remember how confused you were at the concept， of having an overwhelming desire to approach a woman。

 and then an overwhelming desire to not approach her， there comes this specific point。

 different from most people， For me if a hot woman comes into the room I get nervous。， Why？

 Because I've already conditioned myself to approach any girl who's hot who goes into a room。。

 For a lot of guys， a girl who comes into the room doesn't make you nervous。

 it just makes you excited。， She just got fucking hot girl， right。。

 Like for instance when the girl was dancing on the front there I was nervous because I couldn't approach her。

， So I was just aroused。 I just went she is hot。，私大餘職禾一堂，狗一堂，他們知道，我最愛的，我堅持會，這樣，世界與狗一堂，特別粿 불�éc，但是，就說。

我有點娴，大家投契，我最愛就是，我吃醉了，我死掉了，我覺得，我要 swarm，差不多，她ic，我們是假如，看 happening here，活著，改變我， cross，拍攝，烏 靜，自癡，而憈禮，割。

與事，兩種，割，因為，一開始，這集，A媛，在，戰車，這邊，關信，這是，的，她 recovers 太快做成了，她召喚像我们和Ziara，你觉得感 ân 走脑子，感情喜欢，搬进网楼，离婚，是现在特色的。

正做做没错，然后让自己人 persons，跟你一起，他真是办法，我这是古老ジ火，弥带，在柰子葉子的声音乐机，我会看到她的女性，而且冠想，这现在感过比例，你的靈畅， 很怪，我是否覺得他是我，你在想？。

你們在做甚麼？，其實我認識你，我是嫻嫻子，不是不好意思，他特別是挺好，送他隊長，我要向油 bean，週末爆入至宾日，希望胸脖兒精力更好，我快結的話，一開始是N일，我認為。

 crises 升  Hayamm遊，這很奇怪，現在 Trav，你的朋友，是在無論是何時，沒有位子，就好應該是否這樣，他說那對NV，我講得太上百未利的，還是同學我最多小孩子，我是殺有找病 絕對不是。

請起泛若，瀉生。。，還有 Similar rac triangles，jo reveleign，這全E最早的，連看的確要計結果，像人生常常不會，不太力量，難以威力，總共不要這個，太下 projects。

稅 How you understand it，说了，要把 2006 节etically，前两节，离eten，你没有可能，你的耳朵，笑表，请看一下费面的造型，这个有可能需要ールet，azi那边多少钱。

他们是比较好的，没关系， Klitor killers，刘晨 раз断，刘晨三，刘晨三，伙伙伙伙伙伙伙，一招，在 rutin，他们集中，他在 Z master，在废话，在跟啊，他在门口，带稳，这方向。

在网络，不刻意，让感进所，道具，我的一感，五犬，不要不要不要不要不要， Girls don't wanna feel this， It doesn't feel like。

 Well the trigger is about as abrupt as is approaching anxiety， But it doesn't have adrenaline。

 We get instant fighter flight adrenaline， A woman in last minute resistance doesn't。

 Get fighter flight adrenaline， What she does get is real anxious， And a fear of。

 Is this going to work？， Here's what the worry is， Evolutionarily speaking， A woman 40，000 years ago。

 If she has sex with a man who is lying to her， And only fucks her once， And then leaves。

 She may get pregnant， And if she's pregnant， She's gonna have to take care of a baby。

 That she cannot feed， Not only will her baby die but so will she， More importantly。

 Or just as much fear， Back 40，000 years ago， If I see a girl that I want and she's got a kid。

 I can just grab the kid， Kill it and take the fucking woman， And give her my baby。

 Because this is my world， My hundred， These are my hundred people， And I've got my buddies。

 Who will help kill off anybody else， Who's gonna fuck with me。

 And that's the world that we lived in， Your ancestors lived this way。

 Your circuitry is designed for that world， And there are millions of people in jail right now。

 Because they responded to their emotions in this way， And now we've got so many more people。

 We've got new rules that are， You know locking people up into jail for。

 You know what nature designed into them， So a woman has a fear， Hardwired fear。

 She's being rewarded for being with you， But then the minute it goes to， Oh my god， this can be sex。

 And for some girls it's getting to the boobs， For some girls it's getting to the panties。

 You know some girls are like， Hey as long as the panties stay on。

 I can have fun and I don't feel that， Weird feeling， For some girls it's， You know just being。

 You know just grabbing her boobs， Is like okay that's getting sexual now， Right。

 And that's cultural， Some girls it's going to be at a different point， Just like for you。

 You may not get nervous， About approaching a girl， When you see a hot girl， Come and you go。

 That's hot， Not until you decide to go up， For me， When I see a hot girl。

 I get nervous because I know I'm going in， I've done it enough times to know I respond that way。

 It's just my rule， So I'll feel it a little sooner， So it's a little you know， Different place。

 But you understand the reasoning for it right， If she has sex with you， And you don't stick around。

 She is going to compromise her， Her replication success， Statistically。

 You know her kids may not survive， Really， And no one else is going to take care of her。

 When she has kids， She needs to know， That your brain has been hijacked， And is parabonded to her。

 Before she'll have sex with you， The first one， These are the five ways of getting past it。

 It's not about manipulation by the way， Okay I'm not trying to manipulate。

 I don't try to manipulate past her LMR， So I can fuck her and leave， Okay I've decided。

 If I'm going to have sex with a girl once， I'm going to do it many times。

 So I am going to stick around， All I have to do is prove to her， I'm going to stick around。

 Here's the first way of proving， To her that you're going to stick around。

 thereby reducing or eliminating， Last minute resistance， So this is the key element。

 The only thing that a woman needs to feel， Is that you will stick around after sex。

 A woman will have a great deal of， Risk， a feeling of risk， And skepticism， What if he's lying？。

 What if he's not going to stick around？， What if he's going to change？。

 What if his personality is going to change？， You know， and he was lying the whole time。

 He's going to fuck me and he's going to change， And he's going to just get cold and walk away。

 Because a lot of guys would do that， Why？ Because we are designed to choose one woman。

 Have sex with her， Help raise the babies， Parabond， And then also stray， Stray， stray。

 And not parabond with others， Because it increases our statistical probabilities。

 Of having viable offspring， Right？， We take care of this one， Stray， go to here， come back。

 We do that a few times， We're designed that way， But you know， all of us， And then。

 Four years later， Parabonding turns off， Because the kids are now old enough。

 To be reared by their peer group， You know， three， they're three years old by then， And we then。

 Parabond to the next girl， Now in the olden days， What are our emotional circuitries designed for。

 That means only two or three families before we died， Because now it's 28，000 days when we die。

 Back then it was half that， There was only enough time to have two or three families， And back then。

 Many of these families died， Because you know， it was killer be killed， Back then。

 A lot of the death， That happened， that happened， There wasn't just disease， It was murder， Right？

 Now we have new rules and stuff， It's more， Archaic， you know。

 So our emotional circuitry is designed all around this， Her emotional circuitry。

 Her last minute resisted in circuitry， Is designed to counter， Lying men。

 Who aren't going to stick around， Now this doesn't mean。

 That every woman wants a man to stick around， All it means， Is that she wants the option。

 To be hers， Whether she's going to stick around， She wants to feel emotionally speaking。

 Her emotional circuitry is designed， To want you to feel emotionally attached to her。

 So that you will not leave her， After sex， You can't help but be around her， So the first step。

 In proving to her that this is the case， That you will stick around， Is really simple。

 You've heard it before， Seven hours， You stick to the seven hours game plan， You slow it down。

 Seven hours， She has some compelling evidence to support， That you will need to stick around。

 Where you're saying to her， You know what？， We better slow this down， You've been doing that。

 Several times， She could have turned you off， At any one of the eight to twelve different places。

 That's basically what you were showing， So it leads all the way up to here， She can't say to you。

 But I don't even know you， You've been hanging out。

 Seven hours really feels like a long time by the way， Especially when you have multiple venues。

 Seven hours could take a week of accumulation， Usually two to three days。

 I'm usually having sex with a girl either on date two， Or due to additional。

 She comes to the day two with a friend， So I can't do her then。

 Because there was too much discomfort， Right in the time bridge itself。

 Because I didn't build enough comfort when I first met her， So I have her on the third day。

 It usually happened on the third day， The second or third day， Sometimes in the first。

 Very rarely on the fourth or the fifth， It actually kind of goes to Peters down at that point。

 Because you know by that time， I have other girls that will have filled the slot， burden the pun。

 What happens when the woman says， Oh baby we should stop， You know what you say？。

 I know we shouldn't be doing this， We should stop， And you keep going， You're not。

 She didn't say stop， She said we should stop， That's how I got a neek， Six foot tall model。

 Beautiful girl， You know we were in the， You know she was 19 at the time。

 And we were in her parents' basement， And she said baby we shouldn't do this。

 My parents are upstairs， They could come down at any minute。

 Now most men would handle this logically， I've lost tons of girls at this point， Okay learn from me。

 Learn from my pain， Most guys would go， Babe， It's two in the morning。

 Your parents are not coming down into the basement， I don't even think they know we're here。

 Yeah but they could， They could come down at any minute， We should stop， Don't fight it logically。

 All you have to do is say， Oh my god I know， If they were to catch us。

 I think that I think your dad would kill me， We definitely shouldn't be doing this， Especially here。

 We should stop， And then keep going， Baby， We shouldn't do this， We should stop， You know what else。

 We shouldn't be doing， Sticker time out， Just stick it out。

 Oh my god I shouldn't be doing this either， You know what else I shouldn't be doing。

 I certainly shouldn't be， Like your hand， Put it in her pants， Oh I shouldn't be fingering you。

 Should I， I shouldn't be doing this， You shouldn't be letting me， You are so naughty。

 We should stop， That is enough， Oftentimes to get past it， This is what we call token resistance。

 Okay， Where her last minute resistance has been triggered， But you've built enough seven hours。

 You know enough comfort， Where last minute resistance will just be token， Usually token resistance。

 refers to her social programming， Not her feeling， She wants to have sex with you。

 But it's like a woman will often say， I don't usually do this， It's a mean， I don't usually do this。

 Me neither baby， I don't usually do this either， All you have to do is say， I know。

 But everything we're doing right now is so right， That's all， We should stop， The next one。

 Is what we call a freeze out， Okay， Now it's called a freeze out。

 And you're going to be very familiar with it， Because you have done eight to twelve of them。

 Every time in quinoa escalation， When you make a move， And then she feels a little uncomfortable。

 You turn off become normal again， What you've done is a freeze out。

 Either you turn off become normal， And do normal comfort building material， Or you turn off。

 You're normal， Don't be angry， Just be normal， And have nothing to say， Be boring。

 So freeze out at this point， Imagine being in bed with her， She's aroused， And you know。

 You've done we should stop thing， But she says babe we shouldn't do this， Okay let's stop。

 Okay we can't do this， All you have to do is say， I understand， And stop， Get up。

 Blow the candle out， Turn the light back on， Walk over to the computer， Check her email， You know。

 Doesn't she feel pissed， Have you ever had that？， Ever been in bed with a girl， And she， stops。

 And you try to keep going， What she's saying is， When you know that she wants to stop。

 Is she doesn't want to have sex， She doesn't want to deal with the last minute resistance issue。

 But she certainly still is enjoying making out， With her body， Her brain is rewarding her。

 Still for being with a man， She just has the last minute resistance fears， Right？

 Which is triggered， Every woman has a triggered， Don't take it personally。

 So the way you deal with this， Is you simply say， Babe， Everything's fine， No worries， Get up。

 Check email， Do something normal， Turn the TV on， Just like this is hang out， It's all good。

 What a great little piece to do， You'll actually be doing it three times。

 Because the first she has to feel it in bed， When does it happen， You're going for the boobs。

 Or you're going for the bra， And she grabs your hands， Well way， Most guys are like。

 OK Rouse her some more， Go for the bra， OK， No， OK， Go for the boobs in the front， No。

 Go for the back， And you become man hands， And she gets going， No， No， And you're in the car。

 You could even be doing this in the car， And the car baby， Yes， But you know， This is so right， No。

 No， Don't be that guy， The minute she says no， No means no， And she's going to suffer for it， OK。

 Not by punching her， Not by getting angry at her， Just by going， I understand。

 That's the answer when she， You know for doing these freezads， When she says stop。

 Where she says no， You just say I understand， Don't waste， Very matter of fact。

 As if she turned off your sex drive， Then you walk over to the TV， Turn it on。

 And you watch infant brain surgery， On the learning channel。

 And you say oh have you seen this episode， Oh my god babe， This is ridiculous。

 They're actually going to cut open this little kid's brain， I love this one， Back to normal talk。

 In other words， Here she is lying in bed aroused， She just didn't want to deal with the last minute resistance。

 It was you know， This this this 10，000 on red， I don't want to deal with that， Right。

 And and so you freeze out， And you're being cold again， Not cold to her， You can talk normal。

 Hey when I have a game of chess， I used to bring this portable chess board， with me。

 Sorry chess board， And and it was a part of my prop bag。

 And it became a tool that I used for over 30 times， For last minute resistance， Where I'd say。

 Come on let's play， Now if you don't want to have sex， I absolutely understand， Let's just hang out。

 What to play chess， Here move， Can I check the fridge？， And I walk to the kitchen。

 Three minutes gone， So the first freeze out could be like three to five minutes， Then you come back。

 She's spooked by this， She's like， What's wrong？， You're like nothing is all good。

 Then of course you can touch your leg， And you start going back into it， And you say。

 Take your top off， Because the top she wouldn't take off before you just say， Take your top off。

 The top comes up finally， You start going for the bra again。

 Oh I mean you make out with her some more， Then you pause， I love doing this， You make out with her。

 And then you get up and stop， And she's like， What's wrong？， Just getting her leg， She's like。

 Like the candle， In other words take the time， Because it builds anticipation。

 I learnt this from a girl， I remember a girl， She was， God damn she was gorgeous， In Kiev。

 She got up， And went to the washroom， And she was like five minutes， And I was like， Fuck。

 And she came back in a 90， And I was like， My God， And that anticipation worked for me， You know。

 That's what we want to use to advantage， Okay， In your game plan， It's a specific game plan。

 This is not an overlying principle， It's no， This is your game plan， A freeze out game plan， Okay。

 If the seven hours doesn't work， And you get no LMR， Which happens sometimes。

 Some girls I get no last minute resistance， Because it's been seven hours， It's so natural。

 Your keynote escalation is so progressive， And the slope is so， You know natural， It's not too fast。

 So natural slope， As you increase keynote， The entire way， All the way to having sex， You know。

 You're making out with her， Next thing you know， You take your dick out， Put her hand on it。

 She starts stroking it， It's all good， And you say go down on me， And she does， Beautiful。

 And everything's fine， Sometimes you get LMR， We should stop， This is how it usually starts， If not。

 You get your freeze outs， Freeze outs， But that news for us， It takes a good 15 minutes。

 To get through it， All right， You're going to do it three times， That first time you then come back。

 You're making out with her again， Tell her， Take off your top， The one thing that she stopped at。

 Is the one thing， To tell her， To get past， For you， You're not going to play the game。

 Of trying to do it yourself again， You're going to be， Like let's say， You can't get the bra off。

 And she's saying no to that， Say understand， You leave for a couple of minutes， Be normal。

 come back， Then you start up again， You're kissing her and stuff， And then you back up。

 You look at her， And you say， Take her top up， Take your bra， Because I don't want to play it。

 I don't want to， I don't want that same problem， If she says no， you say， I understand。

 And you get up， Blow out the candle， Turn on the light， And this time， The freeze out。

 Is ten minutes， And you go out and you watch TV， I was trying to get her bra off， Okay？。

 I'm going for the back， And she takes my hands， And puts them down， I said， I understand。

 And I got up， Blow out the candle， Turn on the light， She said， What's wrong？， Nothing I understand。

 It's so good， Come on， let's watch TV， I've tried being powder， BABE， Put your hand up。

 If you ever tried being powder at that point， Yeah， be honest man， You have two， Doesn't work。

 You know？， Have you tried anger？， Holy shit！， Jesus Christ woman！， Fuck！， I'm here already！。

 I've done that， Anyone？， You done it？， Try it？， Doesn't work， Have you tried the。

 Have you tried the， Make out with her， make out with her， make out with her， try to arouse her。

 And she says no， And so you try to arouse her some more， And you think arousals the way in？。

 It's not， Persistence could be the way in， But generally it's two hours， And it's not the way in。

 The way in is freezebs， If she says no， or responds with the no， No means no， I understand。

 Do not be powder， do not be angry， Just be， I understand， I'm curious。

 Almost like you want to say to her， You're not saying it， but you're conveying it。

 Whether we have sex or not， I'm hijacked， my brain's been hijacked， I'm here anyway。

 If we don't have sex tonight， that's fine， I'm still going to come over tomorrow， And you know。

 help cook dinner， I'm still a part of， you know， the family。

 That's basically what you want to convey， That's how you get rid of Elimar， So。

 I got up and for a few minutes I went and watched some TV， And she's like， what's wrong。

 I'm not prepared， If you don't want to understand， no problem， See for her， it's a freezebs。

 it's horrible， Because she was enjoying herself， Her brain was giving her positive， you know。

 giving her happiness for aligning， To a man with high value， And then I took away， guess what？。

 I could be turned off， you know what？， When a girl says no， you know， it could be just me。

 that's turned off， I'm not mad， it's just not turned on， You know how to turn a guy off real fast。

 all you have to do is say no， No one's no， I understand， No worries。

 maybe we'll do this another time， maybe not， You just want to be friends。

 this is not what you're going to say， But it's what you're conveying。

 If you just want to be friends， that's fine， No matter what， you're cared for by me。

 But I may be telling you stories about my girlfriend， One day， you know， I'm sexual being。

 I'm not going to apologize for it， I'm not perverted and horny， you know， necessarily。

 but I'm sexual being， You don't want to have sex？， Fine， no worries， I mean， that conveys it all。

 Now， of course， it's going to be tough， Because we will have， you know。

 hormones already coursing through our vein， And it's a tough thing for us to just act like no biggie。

 Inside， we're like， fuck， but outside， no biggie， That's cool， The freeze-out will hurt。

 She will feel uncomfortable， but this is politically correct。

 It will feel uncomfortable for her though， She wants to go back and make out。

 but make a leads to sex， So， we might as well not do that， that's what you want to convey。

 We pair bond， our emotional circuitry is designed to pair bond to women。

 A lot like a chick imprints to its mother， Love isn't being with someone。

 love is being away from them and needing to see them again， And it grows stronger and stronger。

 you don't see them in three days， When you do finally see them again。

 you will actually sperm three times more， Our body is designed for this because she could have had sex during that time。

 And much of my sperm is designed for coagulant in order to defeat other sperm。

 that may already be inside her vagina， Now， my sperm would not have been designed this way。

 but weren't for the fact that women cheat， And this is one of our additional tactics for resolving that potential conflict。

 Evolutionarily speaking， fascinating， You want to learn more about that？。

 Go to read a book called Spur Mores， Really fascinating， science book， Anyway。

 the idea here is quite simple， And this really is what all of these are about， You say to her， babe。

 there is absolutely no hurry we don't have to have sex today， You hijack my brain， you know。

 I'm going to be here no matter what， I can't help it， I don't know why I feel this way。

 I have no clue， I wasn't given an instruction book on how to be human。

 All I know is that when you leave the room， I wonder where are you？， You know。

 I know we just met yesterday but the weirdest thing is， That's really what we're getting to。

 We only， we might yesterday and yet the weirdest thing is。

 All day today I couldn't stop thinking about you， What the fuck did you do to my head？。

 Then I'll go off into the travel bag piece， You've hijacked my brain， I'm sticking around。

 That's really the way of getting past last minute resistance。

 What you're saying here is she's put $10，000 on red， Is it going to land on red？。

 Is she going to stick around tomorrow？， Right？， She wants to know she's sticking around tomorrow。

 So by saying that， and you know when I say this， I say this an hour and a half in。

 I don't say it right at the end of last minute resistance， I'm preparing for last minute resistance。

 we're going， oh my god， baby， I can't stop thinking about you， It's ridiculous。

 what the hell did you do to my brain？， That way when seven hours are up and I have her in my bed。

 the time I get there， She already has no last minute resistance because she doesn't have that feeling。

 She knows it's going to land on red， Whether she wants it to land on red， that's her call。

 But she knows that for some reason that inexplicably to the man， His brain has been hijacked。

 The freeze out， the whole purpose of this is to say， look， I'm not leaving， Okay。

 you don't want to have sex， absolutely fine， I'll be in the other room， but I'm not leaving。

 You know， I'll leave and call her out， Babe， what are you doing？ Come out， let's watch the movie。

 And then you can do the rouse all up in the living room then again， And once it gets hot and horny。

 take her by the hand， turn the movie off， put her back into the room， Light the candle。

 put off the light， all this ritualistic manner stuff， That way that when you do the freeze out。

 Candle out， light on， TV on， You do that three times， girl doesn't want to feel that anymore。

 But you're sticking around， If I jack my brain， let's just hang out then。

 It has nothing to do with sex anymore， If I jack my brain， I'm hanging out with you， We should stop。

 you're green， Seven hours is proof that you hijacked my brain。

 Why would I hang out with you for seven fucking hours， Without constantly saying， baby。

 let's slow this down， let's slow this down， Not now， not now。

 And then you're talking to her and being normal， Who would invest all this talkative time in a girl that you didn't want to actually。

 you know， that you didn't feel hijacked too？， Yes， On freeze out， you avoid all the time， Oh yeah。

 yeah， Now let a word on freeze out， She will not be frozen out if she has a friend in the other room that she goes to and starts talking to。

 I learned that the hard way， So be careful about that for freeze out， It's a note of warning。

 What else？， I have to worry about here， I mean really the main concept of all of this is you've hijacked my brain。

 And it's all proof that you have， She wants to know that your brain。

 that your emotional circuitry has triggered love， Has triggered pair bonding。

 And we can get pair bonded as you have to people who you haven't had sex with yet。

 And women's emotional circuitry has evolved to know this。

 And they want to feel that you are pair bonded through a series of pieces of evidence that allude to the fact。

 Right？， Like for instance when I would jump into the， you know。

 go from the pool to the whirlpool and back， Right？， My chasing her。

 This chasing thing is something we kind of want to do， In other words。

 you can't have her chase you all the time， You have to allow her to be chased by you a little bit too。

 because it conveys this， There's a delicate balance between allowing her to chase you all the time。

 And you sometimes doing the chasing， Now the good news is that's built into keynote escalation。

 Because you are making a move， Then you're taking it away。

 but then you're the one making the move again， Right？， So you get continued keynote escalation。

 You've hijacked my brain， I will begin the， you've hijacked my brain campaign， About ten minutes in。

 In fact， well yesterday I think I did it about twenty minutes in， On that girl。

 And here's the story， There's many stories for it， but the main concept of this。

 you've hijacked my brain， It's a new concept， it's about maybe five months old， And it's derived。

 it's within all this， Seven hours proves that your brain has been hijacked。

 If you're going to hang out with a girl that long， And do keynote escalation。

 but do it slowly and actually say， I'm not ready， I'm not ready， To slow it down。

 demonstrate your willingness to walk away， And not have sex yet， slow down the keynote escalation。

 I mean， that's pretty damn cool， That is compelling evidence to support that your brain has been hijacked。

 I am willing to hang out with you， What else you can do？， You can actually buy her a pomegranate。

 Buy her something， You know？， The idea of buying a girl a gift， You know。

 you're trying to buy her love， Buy her something， Well， the reason why it's a stereotype in culture。

 Is because it's based on something true， 40，000 years ago， You know， a man who gives a woman a gift。

 Really cares for her， You know， we're not just talking about， You know， I'm buying your love。

 But there's beyond that if you have a like my girlfriend， If I buy her a gift。

 But it can be just food， Hey， I came and got you some food。

 Her brain is triggered to view that as a legitimate investment， She is getting worth for me。

 I'm bringing food home to the nest， Right？， That's why we do it。

 But it has to feel to her legitimate， Not like we're using it as a form of trickery， Right？。

 It's one way of saying you've hijacked my brain， It's like， you know， I want to。。。。

 One of the stories I tell is， I went grocery shopping， And I wanted to buy， you know。

 stuff for friends， In case they come over， And I wanted to。。。， I didn't know what to buy you。

 I don't know what type of drink you have， You like， And I wanted to stock the fridge。

 In case you came over， And I don't know it， And it bothers me so much， Because， you know。

 because now I don't have anything in the fridge for you， And if you come over， I'll feel really bad。

 So what do you like？， I'm gonna go out and get it right now。

 And I don't know if you're ever gonna come over， But I want it there just to be honest。

 But I want it there just in case， See？， That leads her to think， Well。

 this guy's brain is being hijacked， I'll give you examples， By the way， all this is designed。

 Backwards engineered from all my examples， All my models， These are not idealisms， okay？。

 Because this is kind of messy， These models aren't like some clear， simple three-step process。

 You know？， This is all backwards engineered from， Wow， life is pretty fucking complex， isn't it？。

 This is it， This is accurate shit， Okay？， Girl named Holly， This was an exotic dancer， Okay？。

 I went back to her place， It was a day two， And she had friends there。

 And all I did was I sat on the floor， And we shot the shit， I befriended everybody， Right？， Then I。

 because she was really short， When I said goodbye， My big move was， Oh， I made her massage my back。

 Right？， I sat there and had her massage my back， In front of her friends and stuff， And that was it。

 That's all I did， That was the keynote escalation， Hey， it was a big move。

 I met her at a fucking strip club， Got her number， called her， Came over the next night。

 She invited me over， actually came over， She had friends in the room， I had her massage my back。

 And that was it， And we shot the shit， And I had fun for about an hour and a half， And then I said。

 you know， I better get going， Because I knew I wasn't going to go any further。

 With the friends in there， Okay？， So I stood her up on top of the couch， Hugger， right？。

 Give her a big hug， And say， okay， I gotta get going， All right， I'll talk to you later。

 Not trying to make another meeting， You know， just， all right， I'll talk to you later， Good。

 It's all comfort building， Man， I could talk on the phone for an hour and a half。

 To build comfort at this point， Just build comfort， seven hours， So I left， Well。

 a couple days later， she invites me over， No one else is there， right？， And， you know。

 I sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-shaved， Got ready， And， assuming that I'm going to get laid， Anyway。

 so I went over， I sat down， we started kissing， And she said， we're not having sex， you know。

 And I think， LMR， You know， I'm working on it， Seven hours？ Well， of course。

 I didn't have seven hours， I was only about four and a half， But， I'm history。

 I like to have sub-LMR， If you go seven hours， you get very little LMR， You go four hours。

 you're going to have LMR， But that's okay for me， Because， hey， I've got all these tactics， Right？。

 I didn't deal with the， we should stop， right？， Um， so I'm going to start with the first one。

 I'm going to start with the first one， We should stop， right？， So， what did I deal with？

 With the freezer， that's right， I simply said to her， oh my god， I am so glad you said that。

 You know， you know， I just broke up with， with Katya， I'm just。

 I'm not in the headspace to do this right now， You know， I mean， don't get me wrong， Obviously。

 we're attracted to each other， But， I just want to come and have a place to chill， You know。

 have tea and talk， You know what I mean？ I'm just not in that headspace， In fact， early on today。

 I was taking a shower， And， you know， I'm doing my， the thing I regularly do， You know。

 I like to trim down there and stuff， And， you know， I'm trimming， I'm， I'm like。

 I'm shaving my balls， And I'm taking care of it all， you know， porn star style， And， um。

 they're keeping that point where I'm going， What am I doing this for？， Because normally， you know。

 I'm doing it for， you know， for my girlfriend， You know， and it's a normal thing。

 It's an everyday occurrence， you know， every couple days， You know， I take care of it。

 But I broke up with her， so what the hell am I doing it for？， And I thought， you know。

 because I just got into the habit， It's easier to keep doing it than to stop， let it grow long。

 And then start， where are the lines？， You know what I mean？

 You're going to like surf from scratch and get creative， Okay， where am I going to put the lines？

 You know， where am I going to put the box？， Right？ Instead。

 if the lines are still there and it just grows a couple days， Hey， they're already there， man。

 I could just trim and go， So that， I just kept it up， Well， so， I'm thinking to myself。

 why am I trimming myself？， And that's too late， I've already shaved myself， right？， But I know that。

 you know， if I don't shave my face， I don't feel sexy， Like。

 my girlfriend always knew that if I trimmed， if I shaved my face and had my hair down。

 Then watch out， because I'm Randy， So， you know， when I came over here， I decided。

 If I don't shave my face， I'm definitely not going to have sex， Because I just don't feel， you know。

 sexy， And so feel this， okay？， Feel this？， All right， now feel here， so it's all trimmed down here。

 all nice， But I couldn't purposely didn't shave， You've done this yourself， haven't you？， You know。

 like you haven't shaved your legs， And you did that purposely， because you didn't want to have sex。

 Now you can， you know， here， let's see your legs， Oh， you did shave， See what you're thinking？。

 You know， feel this， There you go， let's just hang out， Within 10 minutes。

 because I demonstrated my freeze out， my willingness to walk away， And my willingness to。

 you've hijacked my brain， I'm here anyway， I'm here just to hang， It's not for the sex， Yeah。

 sex is good， we like sex， that's fine， But I'm here because of you， Within 10 minutes。

 my dick was in her mouth， She started coming onto me， I started pushing her off me。

 I was laughing inside going， oh my god， last minute resistance。

 I fucking love last minute resistance， I totally understand how to do this， And she attacked me。

 stuck her breasts， and she being an exotic dad， Dancer， stuck her breasts。

 and started trying to arouse me and stuff， And I'm going， babe。

 how do you think this is going to work？， You know， come on。

 You're just trying to do your exotic dancer stick on me， Come on， I ain't like， fuck， hum， Right。

 next thing you know， suck you by cock， I'm thinking to myself， I'm glad I shaved， Remember。

 LMR is basically the gate at the top of the Kino Escalation staircase， It's the gate。

 And we got to get through the gate， So it's pretty much the last one， Right， now。

 when does last minute resistance turn on for a woman？， For some， if you grab her breasts。

 Because she thinks， uh oh， it's going sexual， I'm going to have sex， And she gets scared。

 Other girls， you can grab her breasts， And she knows that as long as her pants stay on。

 She's not going to have sex， you can play all she wants， You know， you can make out with a girl。

 Generally， making out with a girl will not trigger LMR， Some very naive women， it will， You know。

 you're kissing a girl， And it'll trigger， For women， you know， for different women。

 It will trigger at different times， You won't know when it's going to trigger， Until it does。

 Because other women are very different， But it's all around the same time， For some it's here。

 for some take the top off， You can play with your breasts， as long as the pants stay on， Some。

 you can take the pants off， so long as the panty stay on， Whatever it is， wherever it is， it's got。

 once it hits， You've got to be， you know， ready to deal with it。

 The best way is through anticipation， through， through like seven hours， for instance。

 Here's a story I used yesterday on the girl， I said to her， I have a fetish， She said， really？

 I do too， you go first， Like， and I said， yeah， yeah， no， I have lots of fetishes。

 But the fetish I'm talking about is a weird one， you never guess。

 If you and I knew each other six months， this is future time protection stuff。

 If you and I were to know each other six months， we're holding hands。

 We're best friends with the bonus plan， we're going to Christmas shop for everybody。

 And we're an automatic pilot， we're talking， And we're an automatic pilot。

 and so automatic pilot draws us into a certain， you know， store of yours that you like。

 What store would that be？ Because I don't know， like Victoria Secret or something， Well。

 you've never guessed which store autopilot would bring me。

 We would find ourselves inexplicably being pulled into luggage stores， It's the weirdest thing。

 I've got this weird luggage fetish， It's like bags and stuff， I don't know why， I love bags。

 And I have all the luggage that I need， But there's something about the organization of it。

 or you know， it means travel or something， That draws me in， and you turn to me and say， bang。

 you know， who you buying bags for？， I'm like， nobody， I don't know why I'm here， we have to leave。

 It's the weirdest thing， Well， I look at you， and there's something about you that makes me。

 I don't know what it is， when it makes me look at you， And I don't want to creep you。

 I don't want to creep me out， I've dated some beautiful women all the time。

 there's some hot girls in here， so I think， okay， whatever， Look away， and I can't help。

 look back to you， It's just something about it， That's it， that's the routine。

 And then I will often say， you've hijacked my brain， The next day on the phone， you could say。

 you only had the weirdest thing， I could not get you out of my hand， It is the weirdest thing。

 it is so fucking annoying， What the hell did you slip me？， You are such an ass。

 You have no right to come into my brain and become a character in my dreams， Already？。

 What a little shit， I can't believe you do that to me， Because I was thinking about you all day。

 What's your favorite beverage？， You've hijacked my brain。

 You need to just demonstrate several times ahead of time， start 15 minutes in。

 So that when you get to LMR， She will have compelling evidence to support that， yes。

 This guy's brain really is hijacked， Let's see， she's in bed going， is he lying？， Well， let's see。

 He thinks of me， He wants to take care of me， He wants to protect me， He is annoyed by it。

 So it's not like you're trying to game her， You're just saying， I have no clue why this is。

 I hardly know you， And yet， for some reason I need to know you're okay， And I， you know。

 I don't know what to do about that， Because you're， you know， you're。

 I don't know you're up to in the day， And I have no right to know， And yet。

 so we're just feeling of just wanting to make sure you're fine， Are you fine？， Good。

 now go back to normal conversation， You've hijacked my brain， Isn't that a great concept？。

 And that brings it all together， It shows your vulnerable to what it's like， Right， it does。

 It's a vulnerable aspect， you know， that you would be willing to hurt。

 And it can trigger itself again， And you don't want it to， you know。

 But it happens because you didn't do the first time right， You know， you got to get rid of it。

 And what will help keep it from happening a second time， Is don't be the aloof guy。

 Be the attentive guy， You know， after you've had sex， get her water， You know。

 would you like some water？， Bring her water， What a subtle， stupid little thing。

 But it's designed for the brain there， you know， You're giving her something after sex。

 You've already had sex， Now you're giving her a gift， you know， How about rubbing her feet。

 Making her feel good， cuddling with her， You know， all that stuff， Me personally， I'm like a girl。

 I love all that crap， So， Hmm？， Yeah， like hang out with her after， Don't just have sex and say。

 okay， I gotta go， Now， one of the things you have to be aware of here is。

 The woman doesn't necessarily want you to stick around， She just wants the option to be hers。

 Does that make sense？， That's all， you're not saying， oh baby， I'm gonna be with you all the time。

 I'm not going anywhere， I'm gonna watch you close like a hawk， You know， you know。

 You don't want to be a stalker， okay？， You just want her to know that you actually do care。

 And you think about her， and it hurts， Yeah， I've done this with the girl， Make out with her， okay。

 this is a true story， I'm making out with the girl， and then I stopped， Did it freeze out。

 Turned music on， started dancing， Did the music and stuff， And she's sitting at the edge of the bed。

 Just watching me， I stopped for 10 minutes， She got so weirded out， That， you know。

 I wasn't touching her anymore， You know， it was like， okay， fine， Well， here's what happened。

 she got real pissed， Pissed not angry， but she got up and went to the kitchen。

 And I stayed in the bed， In my bedroom， listening to music still。

 So she got her shoes and carried them， And she said， well， I'm gonna get going， And I said， well。

 thanks for dropping by， It's good to see you again， She came all the way down the sea mean。

 It was only 15 minutes， she was at my place， Okay？， Because we started asking her。

 they pretty much read away， And freeze out， fine， So she took her shoes and she started， she left。

 And I thought， all right， I gotta do this， I've been through this before。

 As she's walking up the hill， On， you know， on the cobwee street， So she's kind of walking slowly。

 I have to be very fatue， She has her shoes in her hand， They were high heels， So she's obviously。

 I can already tell， She's worn those high heels to impress me， She's doling herself up。

 She's not wearing them， you can't wear them in the car， So she just decided to walk up。

 Without putting them back on， And then taking them off of the car， And make sense。

 And I thought about that the whole way up， You know， as I'm coming out， I'm following behind her。

 And I'm just sort of out of myself， My， it was nighttime， And there's a lamp behind me。

 And so my shadow is elongating， And finally， you know， as she's in front of me， Like 30 feet。

 She sees the shadow， And it's scared turns， And that's when I notice。

 She was crying the whole way up， Yeah， I feel sad about that， Right， there she goes， And she。

 and I just walked up to her， Didn't say a word， She just stopped， I just walked up to her， Right。

 took her shoes， took her hand， We didn't say a word， And we just walked back down。

 Five minutes of walking all the way back， And she just walked all the way back down。

 And I went into the house， Walked past my roommate， Herbalty。

 Was in the living room in the pillow pit， Walked to my bedroom， closed the door。

 Pushed her up against the ball， Made out full-monte， no problems， It was just a freeze-up。

 A willingness to walk away， But you still have to， you know，， Don't let them cry and walk off。

 You still got to chase them， Some girls， they like to be chased， She said， baby， what's wrong？。

 I said， look， You know， saying no turns me off， That's a good thing， You know。

 you want your man to be turned off， When a girl says no， That's healthy， You know。

 don't think I'll be like， Understanding， it's beyond understanding， It's a turn off。

 It's not me logically understanding， It's me emotionally feeling grossed out， You know。

 you keep grossing me out， I mean， I'm not used to girls saying no， You know， I'm hot， I'm hot。

 I've had gorgeous girls in my life， I'm not going to apologize for it， This， you know。

 you feel uncomfortable， Fine， so do I， A minute you say no， I lose my boner， I'm not mad， You know。

 it's just if you just want to be friends， No worries， we'll just be friends， You know。

 I'm not going anywhere， I'm still here， And that's a really important thing， Remember。

 we have to demonstrate our willingness to walk away， That's what we're doing。

 And we're doing it right at that moment， Going， you know， look。

 I am willing to not have sex with you， But I'm still going to think of you， I'm still going to。

 you know， You're still going to exist in my dreams。

 I'm still going to feel like I need to care for you。

 Whether we have sex or not。